Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene, Texas.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas.
18L/36R is the runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport.
The ICAO Location Identifier of Afonso Pena International Airport is SBCT.
Afonso Pena International Airport serves the city of Curitiba.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah.
The runway length of Al-Taqaddum Air Base is 3684.0.
14/32 is the runway name of Alderney Airport.
The runway length of Allama Iqbal International Airport is 3360.12.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol runway is Number 18.
The fourth runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is made of Asphalt.
06/24 'Kaagbaan' is the runway name of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol.
Andrews County Airport is 973.0 metres above sea level.
Andrews County, Texas is the owner of Andrews County Airport.
The runway length of Andrews County Airport is 896.0.
The 1st runway at Angola International Airport is made from Asphalt.
Antwerp International Airport is 12.0 metres above sea level.
Antwerp International Airport is operated by Flemish Government.
The runway length of Appleton International Airport is 2439.0.
The runway length of Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is 518.0.
The ICAO Location Identifier of Ashgabat International Airport is UTAA.
11/29 is the runway name of Ashgabat International Airport.
South Jersey Transportation Authority is the owner of Atlantic City International Airport.
13/31 is the runway name of Atlantic City International Airport.
Dutch language is spoken in Belgium.
Curitiba part of South Region, Brazil.
Danes are from Denmark.
Fallujah is located in Iraq.
Greenville, Wisconsin is located in United States.
Greenville, Wisconsin part of Grand Chute, Wisconsin.
Arabic is spoken in Iraq.
Madrid is located in Spain.
Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan part of United States.
Sardar Ayaz Sadiq is the leader of Pakistan.
Port Authority of New York and New Jersey serves New Jersey.
Houston is the largest city in Texas.
1986 United States bombing of Libya was a battle involving United States Air Force.
Boeing C-17 Globemaster III is a transport aircraft in United States Air Force.
11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000.
Adams County, Pennsylvania has to its northeast Carroll County, Maryland.
The leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade.
Prime Minister of Azerbaijan leads Azerbaijan.
Türk Şehitleri Anıtı is the native name of Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa.
250 Delaware Avenue has Postmodern architecture.
300 North La Salle is located in Chicago.
The architect of 320 South Boston Building is George Winkler.
The construction of 320 South Boston Building began in 1910.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen number Of Rooms 814
The architect of Adare Manor is James Pain and George Richard Pain,.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan.
College of William & Mary is the owner of Alan B. Miller Hall.
The address of Amdavad ni Gufa is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House has the reference number 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places.
The architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds is Julia Morgan.
Asilomar Conference Grounds architecture Arts and Crafts Movement and American craftsman Bungalows
Asilomar Conference Grounds was built in 1913.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City.
Buffalo, New York part of Erie County, New York.
Byron Brown is the leader of Buffalo, New York.
County Limerick part of Munster.
Críona Ní Dhálaigh is the leader of Dublin.
Mulatu Teshome is the leader of Ethiopia.
Indian people are from India.
One of the significant buildings designed by Julia Morgan is the Los Angeles Herald-Examiner.
Live Nation Entertainment is located in Beverly Hills, California.
Manhattan part of New York.
New York City part of New Netherland.
Pacific Grove, California part of California.
White South African are an ethnic group in South Africa.
Elizabeth II is the leader of United Kingdom.
1634: The Ram Rebellion has the ISBN 1-4165-2060-0.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was published in Print.
AIDS (journal) is located in United Kingdom.
The OCLC number of A Glastonbury Romance is 76798317.
A Glastonbury Romance was published in Hardcover.
English language is spoken in A Long Long Way.
A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane.
The ISSN number of Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg is 0025-5858.
Above the Veil was written by Garth Nix.
Above the Veil was published in Print.
The ISSN number of Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is 0567-7920.
The LCCN number of Addiction (journal) is 93645978.
The academic discipline of Addiction (journal) is Addiction.
English language is spoken in Aenir.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is located in United States.
English language is spoken in Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians.
The academic discipline of American Journal of Mathematics is Mathematics.
English language is spoken in Castle (novel).
Eric Flint was born in Burbank, California.
Macmillan Publishers is the parent company of Farrar, Straus and Giroux.
One of John Cowper Powys notable works is A Glastonbury Romance.
Soho Press is located in United States.
The Secret Scripture is published by Faber and Faber.
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in United States.
English language is spoken in United States.
Weymouth Sands is preceded by A Glastonbury Romance.
The manager of A.C. Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran.
A.D. Isidro Metapán play in Salvadoran Primera División.
The fullname of A.F.C. Blackpool is Association Football Club Blackpool.
A.F.C. Blackpool's ground is in The Mechanics,.
A.F.C. Blackpool's ground is in Blackpool.
A.S. Gubbio 1910's ground is in Gubbio.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 has 5300 members.
AEK Athens F.C.'s ground is in Athens.
AEK Athens F.C. played in the 2014–15 Football League (Greece) season.
AZAL Arena is located in Baku.
AZAL PFK play in Azerbaijan Premier League.
AZ Alkmaar played in the 2014–15 Eredivisie season.
Akron, Ohio is located in United States.
Akron, Ohio is located in Summit County, Ohio.
The fullname of Akron Summit Assault is Akron Metro Futbol Club Summit Assault.
The leader of Amsterdam is Eberhard van der Laan.
Christian Panucci plays for Chelsea F.C..
Christian Panucci plays for Inter Milan.
Frank de Boer plays for FC Barcelona.
Gubbio is from the Umbria region.
The leader of Italy is Sergio Mattarella.
Jens Härtel plays for FC Sachsen Leipzig.
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez plays for FC Dallas.
Luciano Spalletti plays for Udinese Calcio.
Massimo Drago plays for A.S.D. S.S. Nola 1925.
Michele Marcolini plays for Atalanta B.C..
Michele Marcolini plays for Vicenza Calcio.
Peter Stöger plays for 1. FC Köln.
Rolando Maran plays for F.C. Bari 1908.
The tenant of Sportpark De Toekomst is Jong Ajax.
St. Vincent–St. Mary High School is located in United States.
1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Alba.
The president of Acharya Institute of Technology is B.M. Reddy.
Kerala has to its northeast Mahé, India.
Mendrisio is in the municipality of Meride.
Bucharest is the capital of Romania.
The dean of School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is Thomas Pallesen.
There are 16000 students at School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University.
The nationality of Alan Bean is United States.
Apollo 8 backup pilot was Buzz Aldrin.
Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963 is Buzz Aldrin's almaMater.
Buzz Aldrin served as a crew member of Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin was chosen by NASA in 1963.
California gemstone Benitoite
Elliot See died on 1966-02-28.
Elliot See died in St. Louis.
Elliot See has Deceased.
April O'Neil was created by Kevin Eastman.
Bananaman is broadcast by BBC.
the full name of Ben Urich is "Benjamin Urich".
Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Jerry Ordway.
the full name of Bibbo Bibbowski is "Bo Bibbowski".
Bill Oddie was born in Lancashire.
Black Pirate is also known as Jon Valor.
John Buscema won Eisner Award.
The nationality of Karl Kesel is Americans.
Marv Wolfman won Kirby Award.
The nationality of Peter Laird is United States.
Scott Adsit was born in Northbrook, Illinois.
The area code for Albany, Georgia is 229.
Albany, Oregon part of United States.
Mayor leads Albuquerque, New Mexico.
New Mexico House of Representatives leads Albuquerque, New Mexico.
New Mexico Senate leads Albuquerque, New Mexico.
Amarillo, Texas has a total area of 233.9 (square kilometres).
Amarillo, Texas part of Randall County, Texas.
Anderson, Indiana part of Richland Township, Madison County, Indiana.
Angola, Indiana at 324.0 above sea level.
The area code for Antioch, California is 925.
Antioch, California part of Contra Costa County, California.
Arlington, Texas has a population density of 1472.0 (inhabitants per square kilometre).
The leader of Atlanta is Kasim Reed.
Atlantic City, New Jersey has a total area of 44.125 (square kilometres).
Atlantic City, New Jersey part of New Jersey.
Attica, Indiana at 166.0 above sea level.
Auburn, Alabama part of Lee County, Alabama.
Auburn, Washington has a total area of 77.41 (square kilometres).
Austin, Texas part of Texas.
Spanish language is spoken in California.
Dunwoody, Georgia is the largest city in De Kalb County, Georgia.
Fulton County, Georgia is located in United States.
Anderson, Indiana the county seat of Madison County, Indiana.
Michigan is located in United States.
Detroit is the largest city in Michigan.
Orange County, California is located in United States.
Portland, Oregon is the largest city in Oregon.
Fort Worth, Texas is the largest city in Tarrant County, Texas.
The leader of United States is Barack Obama.
United States House of Representatives is located in United States Capitol.
Pecorino Romano is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce.
Chili pepper is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce.
White rice is an ingredient in Arròs negre.
Arròs negre is from the Catalonia region.
Arròs negre is from the Valencian Community region.
Ayam penyet is from the Singapore region.
Tomato is an ingredient in BLT.
Baked Alaska is from the Hong Kong region.
Bakewell pudding served Warm or cold
Bandeja paisa is located in Colombian cuisine.
Chicharrón is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa.
Bandeja paisa is from the Paisa Region region.
Barny Cakes serving Size 30.0 g
Batagor is a variation of Shumai.
The main ingredients of Batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce.
Shrimp is an ingredient in Batchoy.
Beef kway teow is from the Indonesia region.
Bhajji is also known as Bhaji, bajji.
Taro is an ingredient in Binignit.
Bionico is a variation of Cottage cheese.
Bionico is from the Jalisco region.
Chicken class is Bird.
The currency of India is Indian rupee.
Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of India.
Indonesian language is spoken in Indonesia.
Aristóteles Sandoval is the leader of Jalisco.
Banyumasan people are an ethnic group in Java.
Malaysian Malay are an ethnic group in Malaysia.
Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico.
Spanish language is spoken in New York.
Shumai is located in China.
Peanut sauce is an ingredient in Siomay.
Malays (ethnic group) are an ethnic group in Sumatra.
David Cameron is the leader of United Kingdom.
11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000. , is categorised as Contributing property.
14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the district of Monocacy National Battlefield. The city nearest to , is Frederick, Maryland.
Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. , is located in Azerbaijan.
Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. Türk Şehitleri Anıtı is the native name of ,.
Akron, Ohio is located in United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in ,.
Albany, Oregon part of Oregon. Salem, Oregon is the capital of ,.
United States House of Representatives leads Albuquerque, New Mexico. , is located in United States.
Amarillo, Texas part of Texas. , is located in United States.
Anaheim, California part of California. United States House of Representatives leads ,.
Anaheim, California part of Orange County, California. , is located in United States.
Anderson, Indiana part of Adams Township, Madison County, Indiana. , is located in United States.
Antioch, California at 13.0 above sea level. , has a total area of 75.324 (square kilometres).
Arlington, Texas at 184.0 above sea level. , has a total area of 258.2 (square kilometres).
Arlington, Texas part of Texas. , is located in United States.
Atlanta is located in United States. , part of Georgia.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is located in United States. , part of Atlantic County, New Jersey.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is located in United States. Washington, D.C. is the capital of ,.
Atlantic City, New Jersey part of Atlantic County, New Jersey. , is located in United States.
Atlantic City, New Jersey has a population density of 1421.2 (inhabitants per square kilometre). , has a total area of 44.125 (square kilometres).
Auburn, Washington part of Pierce County, Washington. , is located in United States.
Washington, D.C. is the capital of United States. , part of United States.
Washington, D.C. is the capital of United States. , is located in United States.
African Americans are an ethnic group in United States. , is located in United States.
Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in United States. , part of United States.
Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in United States. , is located in United States.
English language is spoken in United States. , is located in United States.
President of the United States leads United States. , is located in United States.
Amatriciana sauce is located in Italy. Tomato is an ingredient in ,.
Arem-arem is located in Indonesia. Jusuf Kalla is the leader of ,.
Arrabbiata sauce is located in Italy. Italian language is spoken in ,.
Arrabbiata sauce is located in Italy. Sergio Mattarella is the leader of ,.
Chili pepper is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce. , is located in Italy.
Arròs negre is from the Valencian Community region. , is located in Spain.
Asam pedas is located in Indonesia. The main ingredients of , are Fish cooked in sour and hot sauce.
Ayam penyet is from the Malaysia region. , is located in Indonesia.
BLT is a variation of Club sandwich. , is a variation of BLT.
Sausage is an ingredient in Bacon Explosion. The main ingredients of , are Bacon.
Bacon sandwich is also known as Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, bacon muffin. Bacon is an ingredient in ,.
Bacon sandwich is a variation of BLT. Bread is an ingredient in ,.
Baked Alaska is located in France. Sponge cake is an ingredient in ,.
Baked Alaska is located in France. Manuel Valls is the leader of ,.
Baked Alaska is located in United States. Meringue is an ingredient in ,.
Bakewell pudding is a variation of Bakewell tart. Fruit preserves is an ingredient in ,.
Bakso is located in Indonesia. Vermicelli is an ingredient in ,.
Celery is an ingredient in Bakso. , is part of the Apiaceae family.
Chicharrón is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa. , is located in Colombian cuisine.
Barny Cakes is located in France. Claude Bartolone is the leader of ,.
Batagor is located in Indonesia. Peanut sauce is an ingredient in ,.
Peanut sauce is an ingredient in Batagor. , is a variation of Siomay.
Beef kway teow is located in Singapore. Palm sugar is an ingredient in ,.
Beef kway teow is located in Singapore. Halimah Yacob is the leader of ,.
The main ingredients of Beef kway teow are Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil. , is located in Singapore and Indonesia.
Bhajji is located in India. Indian people are from ,.
Bhajji is located in India. T. S. Thakur is the leader of ,.
Binignit is located in Philippines. Igorot people are an ethnic group in ,.
The main ingredients of Binignit are Banana. , is located in Philippines.
The main ingredients of Binignit are Sweet potato. Banana is an ingredient in ,.
Bionico is located in Mexico. Enrique Peña Nieto is the leader of ,.
Bionico is from the Guadalajara region. Granola is an ingredient in ,.
Dessert is a variation of Cake. , is a Dessert.
Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia. , is located in Indonesia.
Shiitake is an ingredient in Shumai. , is a variation of Shumai.
The runway length of Aarhus Airport is 2777.0. , is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A/S.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is 610.0 metres above sea level. , is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas.
The runway length of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is 3500.0. , is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh. , part of Awadh.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq. The runway length of , is 3090.0.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Iraq. Arabic is spoken in ,.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by United States Air Force. Invasion of Grenada was a battle involving ,.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae. , class is Monocotyledon.
The runway length of Alderney Airport is 877.0. The 1st runway at , is made from Asphalt.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan. Anwar Zaheer Jamali is the leader of ,.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan. The runway length of , is 2900.0.
The length of the first runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 3800 metres. , is -3.3528 metres above sea level.
The 1st runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is made from Asphalt. , is -3.3528 metres above sea level.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam. The runway length of , is 2014.0.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam. The runway length of , is 3300.0.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas. Houston is the largest city in ,.
The runway length of Angola International Airport is 3800.0. , serves the city of Luanda.
The runway length of Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is 597.0. , 3rd runway surface type is Poaceae.
The length of the first runway at Ashgabat International Airport is 12467 feet. , is 211 metres above sea level.
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines. , is Turkmenistan.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey. , is located in United States.
Atlantic City International Airport is operated by Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. 4/22 is the runway name of ,.
The runway length of Atlantic City International Airport is 3048.0. , is operated by Port Authority of New York and New Jersey.
Infraero is located in Brasília. , is operated by Infraero.
1. FC Magdeburg has 27250 members. , played in the 2014–15 Regionalliga season.
A.C. Chievo Verona's ground is in Verona, Italy. , has 39371 members.
The manager of A.C. Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran. , was born in Italy.
The manager of A.D. Isidro Metapán is Jorge Humberto Rodríguez. , plays for FC Dallas.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members. , played in the 2014–15 A EPSTH, Greece season.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer). , plays for Blackburn Rovers F.C..
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer). , plays for Irlam Town F.C..
A.F.C. Fylde has 3180 members. ,'s ground is in Lancashire.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 has 5300 members. ,'s ground is in Gubbio.
A.S. Livorno Calcio's ground is in Livorno. , play in Serie B.
The manager of A.S. Livorno Calcio is Christian Panucci. , plays for A.S. Roma.
The manager of ACF Fiorentina is Paulo Sousa. , plays for Juventus F.C..
ACF Fiorentina has 47290 members. The fullname of , is ACF Fiorentina S.p.A..
AEK Athens F.C.'s ground is in Greece. , has 69618 members.
AEK Athens F.C.'s ground is in Olympic Stadium (Athens). , play in Superleague Greece.
AFC Ajax (amateurs)'s ground is in Sportpark De Toekomst. The tenant of , is Jong Ajax.
AZAL PFK's ground is in AZAL Arena. , is located in Shuvalan, Baku, Azerbaijan.
Akron Summit Assault played in the 2011 PDL season season. , has 3000 members.
Gubbio is from the Umbria region. ,'s ground is in Gubbio.
The leader of Italy is Pietro Grasso. ,'s ground is in Italy.
Luciano Spalletti plays for Empoli F.C.. The manager of , is Luciano Spalletti.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was written by Eric Flint. , is preceded by The Grantville Gazettes.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was published in E-book. , was written by Virginia De Marce.
The EISSN number of AIP Advances is 2158. , is abbreviated to AIP Adv..
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J. V. Jones. , was published in Print.
A Fortress of Grey Ice has 672 pages. , has the ISBN 0-7653-0633-6.
A Glastonbury Romance was followed by Weymouth Sands. , was written by John Cowper Powys.
The OCLC number of A Long Long Way is 57392246. , was published in Print & Paperback.
A Long Long Way has 292 pages. , has the ISBN 0-670-03380-4.
A Long Long Way is published by Viking Press. Penguin Random House is the parent company of ,.
A Loyal Character Dancer was written by Qiu Xiaolong. , was published in Print.
The OCLC number of A Severed Wasp is 8805735. , has the ISBN 0-374-26131-8.
The OCLC number of A Severed Wasp is 8805735. , was published in Hardcover.
English language is spoken in A Severed Wasp. , is spoken in Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp was published in Print. , has the ISBN 0-374-26131-8.
Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg is published by Springer Science+Business Media. Julius Springer is the founder of ,.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has the ISBN 0-439-92550-9. , the Evil Librarians is Fantasy literature.
The OCLC number of Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is 78771100. , has the ISBN 0-439-92550-9.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was followed by Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener's Bones. , was written by Brandon Sanderson.
The academic discipline of American Journal of Mathematics is Mathematics. , is abbreviated to Am. J. Math..
American Journal of Mathematics is published by Johns Hopkins University Press. Johns Hopkins University is the parent company of ,.
Washington, D.C. is the capital of United States. , is located in United States.
Washington, D.C. is the capital of United States. , is located in United States.
African Americans are an ethnic group in United States. , is located in United States.
African Americans are an ethnic group in United States. , is located in United States.
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in United States. , is located in United States.
1 Decembrie 1918 University is nicknamed Uab. , is in Alba.
Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. , is in the city of Belgaum.
The president of Acharya Institute of Technology is B.M. Reddy. , is in the city of Bangalore.
All India Council for Technical Education was proud to give the Technical Campus status to Acharya Institute of Technology. , is located in Mumbai.
Kochi is the leader of Kerala. , is in Kerala.
April O'Neil was created by Peter Laird. The nationality of , is United States.
Bananaman is broadcast by BBC. Jill Shilling starred in ,.
Graeme Garden starred in Bananaman. , is broadcast by STV.
Tim Brooke-Taylor starred in Bananaman. , was born in Derbyshire.
Big Hero 6 (film) was Baymax's first film appearance. Alan Tudyk starred in ,.
Big Hero 6 (film) was Baymax's first film appearance. Scott Adsit starred in ,.
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 (film). , was created by Steven T. Seagle.
Ben Urich was created by Roger Mc Kenzie (comic book writer). the full name of , is "Benjamin Urich".
Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Jerry Ordway. , was created by Marv Wolfman.
Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Marv Wolfman. the full name of , is "Bo Bibbowski".
Alan Bean was born on 1932-03-15. , has Retired.
Alan Shepard has Deceased. , was Test pilot.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. , was born on 1930-01-20.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. , part of Essex County, New Jersey.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong. , served as a crew member of Apollo 8.
William Anders has Retired. AFIT, M.S. 1962 is ,'s almaMater.
108 St Georges Terrace has 50 floors. , was completed in 1988.
200 Public Square has 45 floors. , is located in United States.
20 Fenchurch Street has 34 floors. , has a floor area of 62145.3 (square metres).
300 North La Salle is located in Chicago. , has 60 floors.
The architect of 320 South Boston Building is George Winkler. , is located in United States.
3Arena is located in East Link Bridge. The architect of , is HOK SVE.
3Arena is located in Dublin. The architect of , is Populous (company).
The tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is Marriott International. , is located in Copenhagen.
The architect of Adare Manor is George Richard Pain. , was completed in 1862.
Adare Manor is located in Adare. , is located in County Limerick.
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Ethiopia. , is located in Addis Ababa.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka. , has Tudor Revival architecture.
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka. , has Tudor Revival architecture.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan. Brazilians in Japan are an ethnic group in ,.
Akita Museum of Art has 3 floors. The address of , is 1-4-2 Nakadori.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat. The address of , is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road.
Ampara Hospital is in Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. Austin Fernando is the leader of ,.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City. , is located in United States.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City. , part of Brooklyn.
County Limerick part of Munster. , is located in County Limerick.
Dublin part of Republic of Ireland. , is located in Dublin.
The nationality of Alan Bean is United States. , was born in Wheeler, Texas. , has Retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. The nationality of , is United States. Joe Biden is the leader of ,.
The nationality of Buzz Aldrin is United States. , was chosen by NASA in 1963. Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963 is ,'s almaMater.
University of Texas at Austin is Elliot See's almaMater. , was born in Dallas. The nationality of , is United States.
University of Texas at Austin is Elliot See's almaMater. , died in St. Louis. , was chosen by NASA in 1962.
University of Texas at Austin is Elliot See's almaMater. Francis G. Slay is the leader of ,. , died in St. Louis.
Elliot See died in St. Louis. , part of Kingdom of France. , died on 1966-02-28.
Purple finch is a native bird to New Hampshire. , spent 13017.0(minutes) in space. , was born in New Hampshire.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis has 448 pages. , was written by Virginia De Marce and Eric Flint. , was published in Print.
English language is spoken in 1634: The Ram Rebellion. , is spoken in Great Britain. , is preceded by 1634: The Galileo Affair.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems is published by Association for Computing Machinery. Alexander L. Wolf is the leader of ,. , is New York City.
The academic discipline of AIDS (journal) is HIV. The academic discipline of , is HIV/AIDS. The ISSN number of , is 0269-9370.
The academic discipline of AIDS (journal) is HIV. The academic discipline of , is HIV/AIDS. The ISSN number of , is 1473-5571.
AIP Advances editors include the following: A.T. Charlie Johnson. , resides in United States. Stanford University is ,'s almaMater.
The OCLC number of A Fortress of Grey Ice is 51969173. , was written by J. V. Jones. , has the ISBN 0-7653-0633-6.
A Loyal Character Dancer was written by Qiu Xiaolong. The OCLC number of , is 49805501. , has the ISBN 1-56947-301-3.
English language is spoken in A Loyal Character Dancer. , is published by Soho Press. , is located in United States.
English language is spoken in A Severed Wasp. , is spoken in Great Britain. , is located in United States.
A Severed Wasp has 388 pages. The OCLC number of , is 8805735. , was published in Hardcover.
The ISSN number of Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg is 1865-8784. The LCCN number of , is 32024459. , is abbreviated to Abh. Math. Semin. Univ. Hambg..
Above the Veil is located in Australians. English language is spoken in ,. , was followed by Above the Veil.
English language is spoken in Above the Veil. , was written by Garth Nix. , was followed by Above the Veil.
Above the Veil has 248 pages. , was written by Garth Nix. , was published in Hardcover.
The ISSN number of Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is 0567-7920. The LCCN number of , is 60040714. , is abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol. Pol..
The academic discipline of Addiction (journal) is Addiction. , is abbreviated to Addiction. The ISSN number of , is 1360-0443.
Addiction (journal) is published by Wiley-Blackwell. John Wiley & Sons is the parent company of ,. The ISSN number of , is 0965-2140.
Administrative Science Quarterly is published by Cornell University. , is affiliated with Association of American Universities. , is in New York.
Aenir was written by Garth Nix. English language is spoken in ,. , was followed by Above the Veil.
English language is spoken in Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians. , is spoken in Great Britain. , is located in United States.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was published in Hardcover. , has 320 pages. The OCLC number of , is 78771100.
English language is spoken in Great Britain. English language is spoken in ,. , is located in United States.
John Cowper Powys was born in Shirley, Derbyshire. , died in Blaenau Ffestiniog. , was written by John Cowper Powys.
Sara Miller Mc Cune is the founder of SAGE Publications. The ISSN number of , is 0001-8392. , is published by SAGE Publications.
Washington, D.C. is the capital of United States. , is located in United States. Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in ,.
African Americans are an ethnic group in United States. English language is spoken in ,. , is located in United States.
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in United States. Washington, D.C. is the capital of ,. , is located in United States.
Barack Obama is the leader of United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in ,. , is located in United States.
President of the United States leads United States. , is located in United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in ,.
President of the United States leads United States. , is located in United States. Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in ,.
The manager of 1. FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel. , plays for 1. FC Lokomotive Leipzig. , plays for SV Germania Schöneiche.
The manager of A.C. Cesena is Massimo Drago. , plays for A.S.D. Licata 1931. , plays for A.S.D. S.S. Nola 1925.
The fullname of A.C. Lumezzane is Associazione Calcio Lumezzane Sp A. , play in Lega Pro/A. , has 4150 members.
The manager of A.D. Isidro Metapán is Jorge Humberto Rodríguez. , plays for Alianza F.C.. , plays for El Salvador national football team.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members. Antonis Milionis is the chairman of ,. ,'s ground is in Efxeinoupoli.
A.F.C. Blackpool's ground is in Blackpool. , has 1500 members. The fullname of , is Association Football Club Blackpool.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer). , plays for Chesterfield F.C.. , plays for Runcorn F.C. Halton.
The manager of A.F.C. Fylde is Dave Challinor. , plays for Stockport County F.C.. , plays for Colwyn Bay F.C..
A.S. Livorno Calcio's ground is in Livorno, Italy. , has 19238 members. The fullname of , is Livorno Calcio S.p.A..
The manager of A.S. Livorno Calcio is Christian Panucci. , play in Serie B. The champions of , are Carpi F.C. 1909.
The manager of A.S. Livorno Calcio is Christian Panucci. , plays for Chelsea F.C.. , plays for Real Madrid C.F..
AEK Athens F.C. play in Superleague Greece. The champions of , are Olympiacos F.C.. ,'s ground is in Greece.
The manager of AEK Athens F.C. is Gus Poyet. , plays for Real Zaragoza. , plays for Chelsea F.C..
AFC Ajax (amateurs)'s ground is in Amsterdam. The leader of , is Eberhard van der Laan. , Noord is part Amsterdam-Centrum.
AFC Ajax (amateurs)'s ground is in Amsterdam. The leader of , is Eberhard van der Laan. , Noord is part Amsterdam-Noord.
The manager of AZ Alkmaar is John van den Brom. , plays for Jong Ajax. , plays for İstanbulspor A.Ş..
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in Campeonato Brasileiro Série C. , is located in Brazil. ,'s ground is in Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca.
Luciano Spalletti plays for Udinese Calcio. , plays for Empoli F.C.. The manager of , is Luciano Spalletti.
Massimo Drago plays for S.S. Chieti Calcio. The manager of , is Massimo Drago. , plays for A.S.D. Licata 1931.
Massimo Drago plays for U.S. Castrovillari Calcio. The manager of , is Massimo Drago. , plays for A.S.D. S.S. Nola 1925.
Massimo Drago plays for U.S. Castrovillari Calcio. , plays for S.S. Chieti Calcio. The manager of , is Massimo Drago.
103 Colmore Row is located in Colmore Row. The architect of , is John Madin. , was born in Birmingham.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland. , part of Cuyahoga County, Ohio. Frank G. Jackson is the leader of ,.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in United States. , has a floor area of 30843.8 (square metres). , has 12 floors.
300 North La Salle is located in Chicago. Rahm Emanuel is the leader of ,. , part of Du Page County, Illinois.
The architect of 320 South Boston Building is George Winkler. , is located in United States. , has 22 floors.
3Arena is located in North Wall Quay. The architect of , is HOK SVE. , was completed in December 2008.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Denmark. The tenant of , is Marriott International. , has 23 floors.
The tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is Marriott International. The architect of , is 3XN. , has 23 floors.
The architect of Adare Manor is Augustus Pugin. One of the significant buildings designed by , is the Palace of Westminster. , was born in Bloomsbury.
The architect of Adare Manor is Philip Charles Hardwick. , was completed in 1862. J. P. Mc Manus is the owner of ,.
Adisham Hall has Tudor and Jacabian. , was completed in 1931. , is located in Haputale.
Adisham Hall has Tudor and Jacabian. , is located in Sri Lanka. , was completed in 1931.
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka. , is located in Haputale. Ranil Wickremesinghe is the leader of ,.
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka. Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of ,. The currency of , is Sri Lankan rupee.
The construction of Alan B. Miller Hall began in 30 March 2007. , is located in United States. The Mason School of Business is the current tenant of ,.
The architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds is Julia Morgan. , was born in San Francisco. One of the significant buildings designed by , is the Riverside Art Museum.
The architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds is Julia Morgan. One of the significant buildings designed by , is the Chinatown, San Francisco. , was born in California.
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located in Asilomar Blvd., Pacific Grove, California. , was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1987-02-27". , has the reference number 87000823 in the National Register of Historic Places.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in Avenue A (Manhattan). , was built in 1904. , was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23".
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City. , was built in 1904. , was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23".
Conservative Party (UK) is the leader of Birmingham. The architect of , is John Madin. Birmingham is the home town of ,.
Liberal Democrats is the leader of Birmingham. The architect of , is John Madin. , was born in Birmingham.
Hailemariam Desalegn is the leader of Ethiopia. , is located in Addis Ababa. , is located in Ethiopia.
Anandiben Patel is the leader of Gujarat. , is located in Ahmedabad. , is located in Gujarat.
Marriott International is located in Bethesda, Maryland. The tenant of , is Marriott International. A key person at the , is Bill Marriott.
Albany, Georgia part of Dougherty County, Georgia. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in ,. , is located in United States.
Albuquerque, New Mexico has a population density of 1142.3 (inhabitants per square kilometre). New Mexico Senate leads ,. , has a total area of 490.9 (square kilometres).
Alpharetta, Georgia is located in United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in ,. , part of Fulton County, Georgia.
Alpharetta, Georgia is located in United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in ,. , part of Georgia (U.S. state).
Alpharetta, Georgia is located in United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in ,. Washington, D.C. is the capital of ,.
Anaheim, California has a UTC offset of -7. The area code for , is 657, 714. , has a total area of 131.6 (square kilometres).
Anaheim, California part of California. California State Senate leads ,. , is located in California State Capitol.
Anderson, Indiana part of Lafayette Township, Madison County, Indiana. , is located in United States. , part of Indiana.
Angola, Indiana part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana. , is located in United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in ,.
Antioch, California part of Contra Costa County, California. , part of San Francisco Bay Area. United States House of Representatives leads ,.
Arlington, Texas part of Tarrant County, Texas. Fort Worth, Texas the county seat of ,. , is located in United States.
Atlanta is located in United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in ,. Washington, D.C. is the capital of ,.
Atlanta has a population density of 1299.0 (inhabitants per square kilometre). The area code for , is 404. , has a total area of 347.1 (square kilometres).
Atlantic City, New Jersey is located in United States. Newark, New Jersey is the largest city in ,. , part of New Jersey.
Atlantic City, New Jersey part of Atlantic County, New Jersey. , is located in United States. New York City is the largest city in ,.
Auburn, Alabama part of Lee County, Alabama. , is located in United States. , part of Alabama.
Auburn, Washington part of Washington (state). Washington, D.C. is the capital of ,. , is located in United States.
Auburn, Washington part of Washington (state). Olympia, Washington is the capital of ,. , is located in United States.
Atlanta is the capital of Georgia (U.S. state). , part of Georgia (U.S. state). , part of Dougherty County, Georgia.
Madison County, Indiana is located in United States. , part of Madison County, Indiana. Anderson, Indiana is the largest city in ,.
Trenton, New Jersey is the capital of New Jersey. , is located in United States. , part of New Jersey.
English language is spoken in Texas. , part of Texas. Houston is the largest city in ,.
Washington, D.C. is the capital of United States. , is located in United States. , part of Fountain County, Indiana.
Washington, D.C. is the capital of United States. , is located in United States. , part of Fountain County, Indiana.
Washington, D.C. is the capital of United States. English language is spoken in ,. , is located in United States.
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in United States. , is located in United States. , part of Summit County, Ohio.
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in United States. , part of Benton County, Oregon. , is located in United States.
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in United States. The leader of , is Barack Obama. , is located in United States.
English language is spoken in United States. , is located in United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in ,.
English language is spoken in United States. , is located in United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in ,.
The runway length of Aarhus Airport is 2776.0. , is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A/S. 10R/28L is the runway name of ,.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid, New York. The runway length of , is 2003.0. , serves the city of Saranac Lake, New York.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Paracuellos de Jarama. , is located in Spain. , part of Community of Madrid.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh. , is operated by Indian Air Force. The ICAO Location Identifier of , is VIAG.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by United States Air Force. , is located in Iraq. The runway length of , is 3992.88.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by United States Air Force. Mc Donnell Douglas F-15 Eagle is an aircraft fighter in ,. 1986 United States bombing of Libya was a battle involving ,.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by United States Air Force. Invasion of Grenada was a battle involving ,. Mc Donnell Douglas F-15 Eagle is an aircraft fighter in ,.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae. The runway length of , is 877.0. , serves the city of Alderney.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan. , is operated by Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. , is Jinnah International Airport.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan. 18L/36R is the runway name of ,. The runway length of , is 2900.0.
Alpena County Regional Airport is 210 metres above sea level. , is located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan. , is located in United States.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas. The runway length of , is 1773.0. , is 973.0 metres above sea level.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas. The runway length of , is 896.0. , is 973.0 metres above sea level.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas. Austin, Texas is the capital of ,. English language is spoken in ,.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas. Tejano are from ,. , is located in United States.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp. German language is spoken in ,. , is located in Belgium.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey. , is located in United States. , part of Atlantic County, New Jersey.
Atlantic City International Airport is operated by Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. , serves New Jersey. , is Four World Trade Center.
The runway length of Atlantic City International Airport is 3048.0. , is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey. , is located in United States.
Lahore is located in Pakistan. , serves the city of Lahore. Anwar Zaheer Jamali is the leader of ,.
Madrid part of Community of Madrid. The leader party at , is Ahora Madrid. , is located in Madrid.
The leader party at Madrid is Ahora Madrid. , is located in Madrid. , is located in Spain.
The leader party at San Sebastián de los Reyes is People's Party (Spain). , is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes. , is located in Spain.
11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in United States. , has to its northeast Carroll County, Maryland. , is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania.
Adams County, Pennsylvania has to its northeast Carroll County, Maryland. , is in the municipality of Gettysburg, Pennsylvania. , is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania.
Baku is the capital of Azerbaijan. , is located in Azerbaijan. Türk Şehitleri Anıtı is the native name of ,.
The leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade. , is located in Azerbaijan. National Assembly (Azerbaijan) dictates the legislature of ,.
Ahmet Davutoğlu is the leader of Turkey. Ankara is the capital of ,. , is located in Turkey.
Amatriciana sauce is from the Lazio region. , is located in Italy. Guanciale is an ingredient in ,.
Banana leaf is an ingredient in Arem-arem. , is from the Javanese cuisine region. The main ingredients of , are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
Tomato is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce. , belongs to the division of Flowering plant. , is part of the Solanaceae family.
Arrabbiata sauce is from the Rome region. , is located in Italy. Olive oil is an ingredient in ,.
Arrabbiata sauce is from the Rome region. Tomato is an ingredient in ,. , is located in Italy.
Asam pedas is located in Malaysia. The main ingredients of , are Fish cooked in sour and hot sauce. , is from the Malay Peninsula region.
Asam pedas is located in Malaysia. Kuala Lumpur is the capital of ,. Arifin Zakaria is the leader of ,.
Ayam penyet is from the Malaysia region. Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group in ,. , is located in Indonesia.
Lettuce is an ingredient in BLT. , is a variation of Club sandwich. , is a variation of BLT.
Bacon Explosion is located in United States. Barack Obama is the leader of ,. White Americans are an ethnic group in ,.
Bacon Explosion is located in United States. John Roberts is the leader of ,. Washington, D.C. is the capital of ,.
Bacon sandwich is a variation of BLT. , is a variation of Club sandwich. Bread is an ingredient in ,.
Baked Alaska is located in France. , is from the New York region. Sponge cake is an ingredient in ,.
Baked Alaska is located in France. Manuel Valls is the leader of ,. The currency of , is Euro.
Baked Alaska is located in United States. , is from the New York region. Christmas pudding is an ingredient in ,.
Baked Alaska is a Dessert. , is a variation of Cookie. Sponge cake is an ingredient in ,.
Bakewell pudding is from the Derbyshire Dales region. , is a Dessert. The main ingredients of , are Ground almond, jam, butter, eggs.
Bakewell pudding is from the Derbyshire Dales region. , is a variation of Bakewell tart. The main ingredients of , are Ground almond, jam, butter, eggs.
Bakso is from the Indonesia region. , is located in Indonesia. Beef is an ingredient in ,.
Avocado is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa. , is located in Colombian cuisine. , is from the Paisa Region region.
Bandeja paisa is from the Paisa Region region. , is located in Colombian cuisine. Hogao is an ingredient in ,.
Barny Cakes is located in France. Claude Bartolone is the leader of ,. Manuel Valls is the leader of ,.
Batchoy is located in Philippines. The main ingredients of , are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, beef. Noodle is an ingredient in ,.
Batchoy is located in Philippines. The main ingredients of , are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, beef. Vegetable is an ingredient in ,.
Beef kway teow is located in Singapore. , is from the Nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia region. Tony Tan is the leader of ,.
Beef kway teow is from the Singapore region. , is located in Indonesia. Sesame oil is an ingredient in ,.
Beef kway teow is from the Singapore region. Oyster sauce is an ingredient in ,. , is located in Singapore and Indonesia.
Bhajji is located in India. The currency of , is Indian rupee. Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of ,.
Banana is an ingredient in Binignit. , is a Dessert. , is a variation of Cookie.
Sago is an ingredient in Binignit. , is a Dessert. , is a variation of Cookie.
Taro is an ingredient in Binignit. , is a Dessert. , is a variation of Cookie.
The main ingredients of Binignit are Sweet potato. Banana is an ingredient in ,. , is of the order Solanales.
Bionico is located in Mexico. , is a Dessert. Granola is an ingredient in ,.
Bionico is located in Mexico. , is from the Guadalajara region. Raisin is an ingredient in ,.
Bionico is located in Mexico. Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of ,. The currency of , is Mexican peso.
Rome is the capital of Italy. , is located in Italy. Pietro Grasso is the leader of ,.
Arabic is spoken in Philippines. , is located in Philippines. Igorot people are an ethnic group in ,.
Tony Tan is the leader of Singapore. English language is spoken in ,. , is located in Singapore.
Tomato is part of the Solanaceae family. Tomato is an ingredient in ,. , is of the order Solanales.
AWH Engineering College is located in India. , has an academic staff of 250. , is in Kerala.
Acharya Institute of Technology is in the city of Bangalore. The number of post graduate students at , is about 700. , is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
Kochi is the leader of Kerala. , is in Kerala. , has to its northeast Mahé, India.
Germans of Romania are an ethnic group in Romania. , is located in Romania. The anthem of , is called Deșteaptă-te, române!.
Germans of Romania are an ethnic group in Romania. Klaus Iohannis is the leader of ,. , is located in Romania.
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with European University Association. The headquarters of , is in Brussels. , was established in 1928.
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is in the city of Aarhus. , is located in Denmark. , was established in 1928.
Asterix (comics Character) was created by René Goscinny. The nationality of , is French people. , was created by Albert Uderzo.
Tim Brooke-Taylor starred in Bananaman. , is broadcast by BBC. , last aired on April 1986-04-15.
Big Hero 6 (film) was Baymax's first film appearance. Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures is the distributor of the film , ,. Scott Adsit starred in ,.
Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures is the distributor of the film , Big Hero 6 (film). , is a character in Big Hero 6 (film). Scott Adsit starred in ,.
Ryan Potter starred in Big Hero 6 (film). Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures is the distributor of the film , ,. , is a character in Big Hero 6 (film).
Blockbuster (comics Character) was created by Gardner Fox. , is also known as Mark Desmond. , was created by Carmine Infantino.
Bolt (comics Character) is also known as Larry Bolatinsky. , was created by Dan Mishkin. , was created by Gary Cohn (comics).
Bolt (comics Character) was created by Ernie Colón. , is also known as Larry Bolatinsky. , was created by Gary Cohn (comics).
103 Colmore Row is located in Birmingham. , was completed in 1976. The construction of , began in 1973. , has 23 floors.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa. Asian South Africans are an ethnic group in ,. Cape Town is the capital of ,. Coloured are an ethnic group in ,.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland. , part of Cuyahoga County, Ohio. , is located in United States. ,'s governing body is Cleveland City Council.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo, New York. , cost 110 million (dollars). , has a floor area of 30843.8 (square metres). , has 12 floors.
300 North La Salle is located in Chicago. Rahm Emanuel is the leader of ,. , part of Cook County, Illinois. , is located in United States.
300 North La Salle is located in Illinois. , has a floor area of 120770.0 (square metres). , was completed in 2009. , has 60 floors.
Live Nation Entertainment is the owner of 3Arena. , part of Republic of Ireland. , is located in Dublin. , part of Leinster.
The tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is Marriott International. , is located in Copenhagen. The architect of , is 3XN. , has 23 floors.
Adare Manor is located in Adare. , part of Munster. , is located in County Limerick. , is governed by Limerick City and County Council.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan. , is located in Akita, Akita. , part of Akita Prefecture. Brazilians in Japan are an ethnic group in ,.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan. , is located in Akita, Akita. , part of Akita Prefecture. Filipinos in Japan are an ethnic group in ,.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan. , is located in Akita Prefecture. Vietnamese people in Japan are an ethnic group in ,. , is located in Akita, Akita.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan. Brazilians in Japan are an ethnic group in ,. , is located in Akita Prefecture. , is located in Akita, Akita.
College of William & Mary is the owner of Alan B. Miller Hall. , was completed in 1 June 2009. The address of , is 101 Ukrop Way. , is located in Williamsburg, Virginia.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat. , is located in India. Narendra Modi is the leader of ,. Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of ,.
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located in Pacific Grove, California. , was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1987-02-27". , has the reference number 87000823 in the National Register of Historic Places. , was built in 1913.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in Avenue A (Manhattan). , has the reference number 80002709 in the National Register of Historic Places. , was built in 1904. , was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23".
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City. Cyrus Vance, Jr. is the leader of ,. , part of Manhattan. , part of Brooklyn.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City. , is located in United States. Gale Brewer is the leader of ,. , part of Manhattan.
Birmingham postal codes B postcode area. The architect of , is John Madin. , was born in Birmingham. Andrew Mitchell is the leader of ,.
Birmingham postal codes B postcode area. The architect of , is John Madin. , was born in Birmingham. Labour Party (UK) is the leader of ,.
Anandiben Patel is the leader of Gujarat. , is located in Gujarat. , is located in India. Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of ,.
T. S. Thakur is the leader of India. , is located in Gujarat. , is located in India. Narendra Modi is the leader of ,.
Brazilians in Japan are an ethnic group in Japan. , is located in Japan. , is located in Akita Prefecture. , is located in Akita, Akita.
Parliament of the United Kingdom leads London. , is located in United Kingdom. London is the capital of ,. Elizabeth II is the leader of ,.
English language is spoken in United States. President of the United States leads ,. Joe Biden is the leader of ,. , is located in United States.
11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in United States. , is in Pennsylvania. , was established in 2000. , is categorised as Contributing property.
Baku is the capital of Azerbaijan. Prime Minister of Azerbaijan leads ,. , is located in Azerbaijan. Artur Rasizade is the leader of ,.
Baku is the capital of Azerbaijan. , is dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. , is located in Azerbaijan. Türk Şehitleri Anıtı is the native name of ,.
Monocacy National Battlefield is located in Frederick County, Maryland. , was established in 1907-07-11. , is located in the district of Monocacy National Battlefield. The city nearest to , is Frederick, Maryland.
Ahmet Davutoğlu is the leader of Turkey. Ankara is the capital of ,. , is made of Bronze. , is located in Turkey.
President of Turkey leads Turkey. , was designed by Pietro Canonica. , was in augurated on 1932-07-27. , is located in Turkey.
Albany, Georgia part of Georgia (U.S. state). English language is spoken in ,. , is located in United States. Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in ,.
The area code for Albuquerque, New Mexico is 505, 575. The land area, of ,), is 486.2 (square kilometres). , has a total area of 490.9 (square kilometres). , has a population density of 1142.3 (inhabitants per square kilometre).
Alpharetta, Georgia is located in United States. , part of Georgia (U.S. state). , part of Fulton County, Georgia. Atlanta the county seat of ,.
Amarillo, Texas part of Potter County, Texas. , is located in United States. Washington, D.C. is the capital of ,. African Americans are an ethnic group in ,.
Amarillo, Texas part of Potter County, Texas. , is in Texas. , is located in United States. Austin, Texas is the capital of ,.
California State Assembly leads Anaheim, California. , part of California. , is located in California State Capitol. Spanish language is spoken in ,.
Anderson, Indiana has a population density of 523.9 (inhabitants per square kilometre). , has a total area of 107.43 (square kilometres). , at 268.0 above sea level. , part of Adams, Fall Creek, Lafayette, Richland, Union.
Angola, Indiana part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana. , is located in United States. , part of Indiana. , has a total area of 16.55 (square kilometres).
Antioch, California has a UTC offset of -7. The total population of , is 102372. The area code for , is 925. , has a total area of 75.324 (square kilometres).
Atlantic City, New Jersey has a population density of 1421.2 (inhabitants per square kilometre). The area code for , is 609. Mayors of Atlantic City, New Jersey leads ,. , has a total area of 44.125 (square kilometres).
Auburn, Alabama part of Lee County, Alabama. , is located in United States. , is in Alabama. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in ,.
Auburn, Alabama part of Lee County, Alabama. , is located in United States. , is in Alabama. African Americans are an ethnic group in ,.
Auburn, Washington part of Pierce County, Washington. Washington, D.C. is the capital of ,. , is located in United States. , part of King County, Washington.
Auburn, Washington part of Washington (state). Washington, D.C. is the capital of ,. , is located in United States. , part of King County, Washington.
Austin, Texas part of Texas. Houston is the largest city in ,. San Marcos, Texas the county seat of ,. , part of Hays County, Texas.
Chinese language is spoken in California. California State Assembly leads ,. , part of California. , is located in California State Capitol.
Georgia (U.S. state) is located in United States. , part of Georgia (U.S. state). , part of Fulton County, Georgia. Atlanta the county seat of ,.
Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana. , part of Lafayette Township, Madison County, Indiana. , is located in United States. , part of Indiana.
English language is spoken in Texas. , part of Texas. , is located in United States. Houston is the largest city in ,.
Washington, D.C. is the capital of United States. , part of Benton County, Oregon. , is located in United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in ,.
Washington, D.C. is the capital of United States. , is located in United States. New York City is the largest city in ,. , part of New Jersey.
African Americans are an ethnic group in United States. President of the United States leads ,. The leader of , is Barack Obama. , is located in United States.
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in United States. New Mexico Senate leads ,. The leader of , is John Sánchez. , is located in United States.
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in United States. Washington, D.C. is the capital of ,. , part of Benton County, Oregon. , is located in United States.
Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in United States. The leader of , is Barack Obama. Mayor of Albuquerque leads ,. , is located in United States.
English language is spoken in United States. , is located in United States. Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in ,. , part of United States.
English language is spoken in United States. , part of Indiana. , is located in United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in ,.
English language is spoken in United States. , part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana. , is located in United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in ,.
The manager of 1. FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel. , plays for SV Babelsberg 03. , plays for 1. FC Union Berlin. , plays for FSV Zwickau.
The manager of A.C. Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran. , plays for F.C. Bari 1908. , was born in Italy. , plays for Carrarese Calcio.
The manager of A.C. Lumezzane is Michele Marcolini. , was born in Italy. , plays for Torino F.C.. , plays for A.C. Chievo Verona.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members. Antonis Milionis is the chairman of ,. ,'s ground is in Efxeinoupoli. , play in A EPSTH 2nd GROUP.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer). The leader of , is Conservative Party (UK). , plays for Stockport County F.C.. ,'s ground is in Blackpool.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer). The leader of , is Gordon Marsden. , plays for Stockport County F.C.. ,'s ground is in Blackpool.
A.F.C. Fylde's ground is in Warton, Fylde, Lancashire. , played in the 2014 season. , has 3180 members. The fullname of , is Association Football Club Fylde.
A.F.C. Fylde played in the 2014 season. , has 3180 members. The fullname of , is Association Football Club Fylde. ,'s ground is in Bryning Lane.
The manager of ACF Fiorentina is Paulo Sousa. , plays for Juventus F.C.. , plays for Maccabi Tel Aviv F.C.. , plays for Inter Milan.
AEK Athens F.C. has 69618 members. ,'s ground is in Greece. , play in Superleague Greece. , played in the 2014 season.
AFC Ajax (amateurs)'s ground is in Sportpark De Toekomst. , is operated by AFC Ajax. AFC Ajax N.V. is the owner of ,. The tenant of , is Jong Ajax.
AFC Ajax (amateurs) is nicknamed Joden , Godenzonen. , played in the 2014 season. , has 5000 members. The fullname of , is Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs.
The manager of AZ Alkmaar is John van den Brom. , plays for Vitesse Arnhem. , plays for AFC Ajax. , plays for Netherlands national football team.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in Campeonato Brasileiro Série C. ,'s ground is in Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca. , is located in Alagoas. The champions of , are Vila Nova Futebol Clube.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in Campeonato Brasileiro Série C. , is located in Brazil. ,'s ground is in Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca. , is located in Alagoas.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in Campeonato Brasileiro Série C. , is located in Brazil. ,'s ground is in Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca. , is located in Arapiraca.
Akron Summit Assault's ground is in St. Vincent–St. Mary High School. , is located in United States. , part of Summit County, Ohio. , is in the city of Akron, Ohio.
The leader of Italy is Pietro Grasso. Rome is the capital of ,. The leader of , is Sergio Mattarella. ,'s ground is in Italy.
Peter Stöger plays for SK Vorwärts Steyr. , plays for FC Admira Wacker Mödling. The manager of , is Peter Stöger. , plays for FK Austria Wien.
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene, Texas. The runway length of , is 2194.0. , is 546 metres above sea level. 17L/35R is the runway name of ,.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid, New York. The runway length of , is 2003.0. , is 507 metres above sea level. , serves the city of Saranac Lake, New York.
18L/36R is the runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport. The runway length of , is 3500.0. , is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas. , is operated by ENAIRE.
Agra Airport is located in India. , is operated by Indian Air Force. Agra , IATA Location Identifier is AGR. The ICAO Location Identifier of , is VIAG.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by United States Air Force. , is located in Iraq. The runway length of , is 3990.0. 08/26 is the runway name of ,.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by United States Air Force. The runway length of , is 3990.0. , is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq. 09R/27L is the runway name of ,.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by United States Air Force. Invasion of Grenada was a battle involving ,. Lockheed AC-130 can be , Mc Donnell Douglas F-15 Eagle is an aircraft fighter in ,.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan. The runway length of , is 2900.0. , is operated by Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. , serves the city of Lahore.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam. 09/27 'Buitenveldertbaan' is the runway name of ,. The runway length of , is 2014.0. , is -3.3528 metres above sea level.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam. 18L/36R 'Aalsmeerbaan' is the runway name of ,. The runway length of , is 2014.0. , is -3.3528 metres above sea level.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas. The runway length of , is 929.0. , serves the city of Andrews, Texas. , is 973.0 metres above sea level.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas. Austin, Texas is the capital of ,. Tejano are from ,. , is located in United States.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas. Austin, Texas is the capital of ,. English language is spoken in ,. , is located in United States.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo. , is located in Angola. , serves the city of Luanda. , part of Luanda Province.
Antwerp International Airport is operated by Flemish Government. Flemish Region is the owner of ,. , is 12.0 metres above sea level. The runway length of , is 600.0.
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines. , is Turkmenistan. The hub airport for , is Turkmenbashi International Airport. , is Ashgabat.
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens. , is located in Spata. , is 94 metres above sea level. The runway length of , is 3800.0.
Atlantic City International Airport serves the city of Atlantic City, New Jersey. , is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey. , is located in United States. Don Guardian is the leader of ,.
South Jersey Transportation Authority is the owner of Atlantic City International Airport. Stephen Dilts is the leader of ,. , is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey. , is located in United States.
Charles Michel is the leader of Belgium. , serves the city of Antwerp. German language is spoken in ,. , is located in Belgium.
Philippe of Belgium is the leader of Belgium. , serves the city of Antwerp. French language is spoken in ,. , is located in Belgium.
Harrietstown, New York is located in United States. , part of Harrietstown, New York. , part of Essex County, New York. , serves the city of Saranac Lake, New York.
Kurdish languages is spoken in Iraq. Fuad Masum is the leader of ,. , serves the city of Fallujah. , is located in Iraq.
Haider al-Abadi is the leader of Iraq. Kurdish languages is spoken in ,. , serves the city of Fallujah. , is located in Iraq.
Lahore is located in Pakistan. , is located in Punjab, Pakistan. , serves the city of Lahore. Malik Muhammad Rafique Rajwana is the leader of ,.
Poaceae belongs to the division of Flowering plant. The 1st runway at , is made from Poaceae. , is of the order Commelinids. , class is Monocotyledon.
A key person at the BBC is Rona Fairhead. , is broadcast by BBC. One of the products of BCC is , BBC Radio. , is located in Broadcasting House.
Jill Shilling starred in Bananaman. , was created by Steve Bright. , first aired on 3rd October 1983-10-03. , is broadcast by STV.
Ryan Potter starred in Big Hero 6 (film). The nationality of , is Americans. , was created by Duncan Rouleau. , is a character in Big Hero 6 (film).
Bolt (comics Character) was created by Gary Cohn (comics). The nationality of , is Puerto Ricans. , was created by Ernie Colón. , is also known as Larry Bolatinsky.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was written by Eric Flint. , was born in Burbank, California. , is preceded by Grantville Gazette III. , is preceded by De Marce short stories in the The Grantville Gazettes.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was published in E-book. , has 512 pages. , was written by Eric Flint, Virginia De Marce, et al.. , has the ISBN 1-4165-2060-0.
AIDS (journal) is located in United Kingdom. , is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. Wolters Kluwer is the parent company of ,. Elizabeth II is the leader of ,.
A Fortress of Grey Ice was published in Hardcover. The OCLC number of , is 51969173. , was written by J. V. Jones. , has the ISBN 0-7653-0633-6.
A Loyal Character Dancer was written by Qiu Xiaolong. The OCLC number of , is 49805501. , has the ISBN 1-56947-301-3. , was published in Hardcover.
English language is spoken in A Loyal Character Dancer. , is spoken in Great Britain. , is located in United States. Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in ,.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press. , is located in United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in ,. English language is spoken in ,.
A Wizard of Mars was published in Hardcover. , has 560 pages. , was written by Diane Duane. , has the ISBN 978-0-15-204770-2.
The LCCN number of Acta Mathematica Hungarica is 83646315. , is abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar.. The academic discipline of , is Mathematics. The ISSN number of , is 0236-5294.
The LCCN number of Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is 60040714. The academic discipline of , is Paleobiology. , is abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol. Pol.. The ISSN number of , is 0567-7920.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is published by Polish Academy of Sciences. The ISSN number of , is 1732-2421. The LCCN number of , is 60040714. , is abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol. Pol..
Administrative Science Quarterly is published by Cornell University. , is affiliated with Association of Public and Land-grant Universities. , is affiliated with Association of American Universities. , is in New York.
Administrative Science Quarterly is published by Cornell University. , is affiliated with Association of Public and Land-grant Universities. , is in New York. , is in the city of Ithaca, New York.
Aenir has 233 pages. , was written by Garth Nix. , has the ISBN 0-439-17684-0. , was published in Paperback.
English language is spoken in Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians. , is spoken in Great Britain. , is located in United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in ,.
American Journal of Mathematics is published by Johns Hopkins University Press. , is located in United States. Johns Hopkins University is the parent company of ,. , was first published in 1878.
English language is spoken in Great Britain. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in ,. English language is spoken in ,. , is located in United States.
Barack Obama is the leader of United States. English language is spoken in ,. , is spoken in Great Britain. , is located in United States.
Barack Obama is the leader of United States. English language is spoken in ,. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in ,. , is located in United States.
Barack Obama is the leader of United States. , is spoken in Great Britain. English language is spoken in ,. , is located in United States.
Barack Obama is the leader of United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in ,. English language is spoken in ,. , is located in United States.
The nationality of Alan Bean is United States. , was born in Wheeler, Texas. , spent 100305.0(minutes) in space. , was chosen by NASA in 1963.
Alan Shepard served as a crew member of Apollo 14. , is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal. , is operated by NASA. , was awarded Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy).
Chris Patten served as a representative of British Hong Kong. , served as a crew member of Apollo 8. , was born in British Hong Kong. Frank Borman was a member of the crew on ,.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. , served as a crew member of Apollo 11. Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963 is ,'s almaMater. , has Retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. , was chosen by NASA in 1963. , served as a crew member of Apollo 11. , was Fighter pilot.
Buzz Aldrin served as a crew member of Apollo 11. ,'s full name was "Edwin Eugene Aldrin Jr.". , was awarded 20. , is operated by NASA.
Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy) is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal. , died in California. , was born in New Hampshire. , was awarded Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy).
Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy) is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal. , died in California. The Senator representing , was Dianne Feinstein. , was awarded Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy).
University of Texas at Austin is Elliot See's almaMater. , died in St. Louis. , was born in Dallas. The nationality of , is United States.
William Anders was Fighter pilot. , served as a crew member of Apollo 8. , is operated by NASA. , was chosen by NASA in 1963.
AWH Engineering College is located in India. , was established in 2001. , is in the city of Kuttikkattoor. The Ganges is a river in ,.
Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. , is in the city of Belgaum. , is located in India. The campus address for , In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
Acharya Institute of Technology is in the city of Bangalore. Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar is the director of ,. , is located in India. , is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
All India Council for Technical Education was proud to give the Technical Campus status to Acharya Institute of Technology. , is located in Mumbai. Tennis is one of the sports offered at ,. The sport , has a Governing Body called International Tennis Federation.
Alba Iulia part of Alba County. Bucharest is the capital of ,. , is in the city of Alba Iulia. , is located in Romania.
Lars Løkke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark. , is in the city of Aarhus. , is located in Denmark. , is governed by Magistrate.
Kochi is the leader of Kerala. , has an academic staff of 250. , is in Kerala. , is in the city of Kuttikkattoor.
Germans of Romania are an ethnic group in Romania. Bucharest is the capital of ,. , is located in Romania. The anthem of , is called Deșteaptă-te, române!.
Klaus Iohannis is the leader of Romania. , is located in Romania. Bucharest is the capital of ,. , is in the city of Alba Iulia.
Amatriciana sauce is from the Lazio region. , is located in Italy. Tomato is an ingredient in ,. The main ingredients of , are Tomatoes, guanciale, cheese, olive oil.
Arrabbiata sauce is located in Italy. Rome is the capital of ,. Pietro Grasso is the leader of ,. Sergio Mattarella is the leader of ,.
Arròs negre is located in Spain. The main ingredients of , are White rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers. , is from the Catalonia region. Cuttlefish is an ingredient in ,.
Arròs negre is located in Spain. The main ingredients of , are White rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers. , is from the Catalonia region. White rice is an ingredient in ,.
Arròs negre is located in Spain. Spaniards are an ethnic group in ,. , is from the Catalonia region. Parliament of Catalonia is the leader of ,.
Asam pedas is located in Malaysia. Malaysian Malay are an ethnic group in ,. Batak are an ethnic group in ,. , is from the Sumatra region.
Asam pedas is located in Malaysia. Minangkabau people are an ethnic group in ,. , is from the Sumatra region. Malays (ethnic group) are an ethnic group in ,.
Bacon Explosion is located in United States. Barack Obama is the leader of ,. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in ,. Washington, D.C. is the capital of ,.
Bacon Explosion is located in United States. John Roberts is the leader of ,. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in ,. Washington, D.C. is the capital of ,.
Ketchup is an ingredient in Bacon sandwich. , is a variation of Club sandwich. , is a variation of BLT. , is located in United Kingdom.
The main ingredients of Bacon sandwich are Bread and bacon, with a condiment, often ketchup or brown sauce. , is located in United Kingdom. , is also known as Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, bacon muffin. Condiment is an ingredient in ,.
Baked Alaska is a Dessert. , is a variation of Cookie. African Americans are an ethnic group in ,. , is located in United States.
The main ingredients of Baked Alaska are Meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding. , is from the Paris, New York or Hong Kong region. , is located in United States. Sponge cake is an ingredient in ,.
Baked Alaska is from the Hong Kong region. The main ingredients of , are Meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding. , is located in France, United States or China. Meringue is an ingredient in ,.
Baked Alaska is from the Hong Kong region. The main ingredients of , are Meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding. , is located in United States. Ice cream is an ingredient in ,.
Bakewell pudding is from the Derbyshire Dales region. , is a variation of Bakewell tart. , part of Derbyshire. Fruit preserves is an ingredient in ,.
Tapioca is an ingredient in Bakso. , is located in Indonesia. The main ingredients of , are Ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables, fried shallots. , is from the Nationwide in Indonesia, also popular in neighboring Southeast Asian countries region.
Bakso is from the Indonesia region. Noodle is an ingredient in ,. , is located in Indonesia. The main ingredients of , are Ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables, fried shallots.
Kidney bean is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa. The main ingredients of , are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon. , is from the Paisa Region region. , is located in Colombian cuisine.
The main ingredients of Bandeja paisa are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon. , is from the Paisa Region region. , is located in Colombian cuisine. Hogao is an ingredient in ,.
Barny Cakes is located in France. French language is spoken in ,. Gérard Larcher is the leader of ,. François Hollande is the leader of ,.
Batagor is located in Indonesia. , is a variation of Siomay. , is a variation of Shumai. Shiitake is an ingredient in ,.
Batchoy is located in Philippines. The main ingredients of , are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, beef. Pork is an ingredient in ,. , is from the La Paz, Iloilo City region.
Chicken is an ingredient in Batchoy. , is located in Philippines. , is a Soup. The main ingredients of , are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, beef.
Beef kway teow is located in Singapore. The main ingredients of , are Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil. , is from the Nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia region. Sesame oil is an ingredient in ,.
Beef kway teow is from the Singapore region. , is located in Singapore and Indonesia. Standard Chinese is spoken in ,. Halimah Yacob is the leader of ,.
Beef kway teow is from the Singapore region. The main ingredients of , are Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil. , is located in Indonesia. Sesame oil is an ingredient in ,.
Bhajji is located in India. , is from the Karnataka region. , is also known as Bhaji, bajji. Vegetable is an ingredient in ,.
Bhajji is from the Karnataka region. The main ingredients of , are Gram flour, vegetables. , is also known as Bhaji, bajji. Vegetable is an ingredient in ,.
Sweet potato is an ingredient in Binignit. , belongs to the division of Flowering plant. The main ingredients of , are Sago. , is of the order Solanales.
Binignit is from the Visayas region. The main ingredients of , are Coconut milk. , is located in Philippines. Sago is an ingredient in ,.
Bionico is located in Mexico. , is a Dessert. , is from the Jalisco region. Granola is an ingredient in ,.
Bionico is located in Mexico. The main ingredients of , are Chopped Fruits, Sour Cream, Condensed Milk, Granola, Shredded Coconut, Raisins. , is from the Guadalajara region. Sour cream is an ingredient in ,.
Bionico is located in Mexico. Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of ,. , is a Dessert. , is a variation of Cookie.
Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia. , is from the Indonesia region. Tapioca is an ingredient in ,. , is located in Indonesia.
Baduy are an ethnic group in Java. , is from the Singapore region. Tony Tan is the leader of ,. , is located in Java.
Ilocano people are an ethnic group in Philippines. Zamboangans are an ethnic group in ,. Philippine Spanish is spoken in ,. , is located in Philippines.
Arabic is spoken in Philippines. Zamboangans are an ethnic group in ,. , is located in Philippines. Igorot people are an ethnic group in ,.
Philippine English is spoken in Philippines. , is a Dessert. , is a variation of Cookie. , is located in Philippines.
Philippine English is spoken in Philippines. , is a Dessert. , is a variation of Sandesh (confectionery). , is located in Philippines.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was followed by Ring of Fire II. English language is spoken in ,. , is preceded by Grantville Gazette II. , was written by Virginia De Marce and Eric Flint. , is preceded by The Grantville Gazette.
Administrative Science Quarterly is published by Cornell University. , is affiliated with Association of Public and Land-grant Universities. , is affiliated with Association of American Universities. The president of , is Elizabeth Garrett. , is in the city of Ithaca, New York.
English language is spoken in Great Britain. , is published by Soho Press. , is located in United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in ,. English language is spoken in ,.
English language is spoken in Great Britain. , is published by Soho Press. , is located in United States. Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in ,. English language is spoken in ,.
English language is spoken in Great Britain. , is published by Soho Press. , is located in United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in ,. English language is spoken in ,.
English language is spoken in Great Britain. English language is spoken in ,. Washington, D.C. is the capital of ,. , is located in United States. Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in ,.
Into Battle (novel) is located in Australians. , was followed by The Violet Keystone. , was followed by Into Battle (novel). , is preceded by Aenir. , is preceded by Castle (novel).
Barack Obama is the leader of United States. English language is spoken in ,. , is spoken in Great Britain. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in ,. , is located in United States.
Barack Obama is the leader of United States. , is spoken in Great Britain. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in ,. English language is spoken in ,. , is located in United States.
Barack Obama is the leader of United States. Washington, D.C. is the capital of ,. , is located in United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in ,. , is preceded by 1634: The Galileo Affair.
Barack Obama is the leader of United States. Americans are from ,. Washington, D.C. is the capital of ,. , is located in United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in ,.
President of the United States leads United States. , is spoken in Great Britain. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in ,. English language is spoken in ,. , is located in United States.
Albany, Georgia part of Georgia (U.S. state). President of the United States leads ,. Americans are from ,. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in ,. , is located in United States.
Alpharetta, Georgia is located in United States. Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in ,. Atlanta is the largest city in ,. , part of Georgia (U.S. state). , part of Fulton County, Georgia.
Amarillo, Texas part of Potter County, Texas. , is in Texas. , is located in United States. Washington, D.C. is the capital of ,. English language is spoken in ,.
Amarillo, Texas part of Potter County, Texas. English language is spoken in ,. , is in Texas. , is located in United States. Austin, Texas is the capital of ,.
Amarillo, Texas part of Potter County, Texas. English language is spoken in ,. , is in Texas. , is located in United States. Austin, Texas is the capital of ,.
Anderson, Indiana part of Fall Creek Township, Madison County, Indiana. , is located in United States. , part of Anderson Township, Madison County, Indiana. , has a population density of 523.9 (inhabitants per square kilometre). , has a total area of 107.43 (square kilometres).
Antioch, California part of Contra Costa County, California. , part of California. English language is spoken in ,. , part of San Francisco Bay Area. California's 11th State Assembly district leads ,.
The land area, of Atlanta), is 344.9 (square kilometres). , has a population density of 1299.0 (inhabitants per square kilometre). The area code for , is 404. , part of De Kalb County, Georgia. , has a total area of 347.1 (square kilometres).
Attica, Indiana part of United States. , has a total area of 4.14 (square kilometres). , at 166.0 above sea level. , part of Logan Township, Fountain County, Indiana. , has a population density of 783.1 (inhabitants per square kilometre).
Auburn, Alabama part of Lee County, Alabama. , is located in United States. , is in Alabama. African Americans are an ethnic group in ,. Washington, D.C. is the capital of ,.
Auburn, Washington part of Pierce County, Washington. , is located in United States. , part of King County, Washington. , has a population density of 914.8 (inhabitants per square kilometre). , has a total area of 77.41 (square kilometres).
Austin, Texas part of Texas. English language is spoken in ,. , part of Williamson County, Texas. Round Rock, Texas is the largest city in ,. Georgetown, Texas the county seat of ,.
Austin, Texas part of Texas. Houston is the largest city in ,. San Marcos, Texas the county seat of ,. , part of Hays County, Texas. English language is spoken in ,.
Austin, Texas part of Texas. Houston is the largest city in ,. Spanish language is spoken in ,. San Marcos, Texas the county seat of ,. , part of Hays County, Texas.
Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana. , part of Indiana. , is located in United States. English Americans is spoken in ,. , part of Madison County, Indiana.
Fort Worth, Texas the county seat of Tarrant County, Texas. Spanish language is spoken in ,. , part of Tarrant County, Texas. , part of Texas. Houston is the largest city in ,.
Fort Worth, Texas is the largest city in Tarrant County, Texas. Austin, Texas is the capital of ,. , part of Tarrant County, Texas. , part of Texas. , is located in United States.
Washington, D.C. is the capital of United States. White Americans are an ethnic group in ,. , is located in United States. New York City is the largest city in ,. , part of New Jersey.
Americans are from United States. Washington, D.C. is the capital of ,. , is located in United States. Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in ,. , part of Linn County, Oregon.
Americans are from United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in ,. Washington, D.C. is the capital of ,. , part of Oregon. , is located in United States.
African Americans are an ethnic group in United States. English language is spoken in ,. , part of Steuben County, Indiana. Americans are from ,. , is located in United States.
Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in United States. , part of Lee County, Alabama. , is located in United States. , is in Alabama. Washington, D.C. is the capital of ,.
Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in United States. , part of Lee County, Alabama. Opelika, Alabama the county seat of ,. , is located in United States. , part of Alabama.
Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in United States. Newark, New Jersey is the largest city in ,. Trenton, New Jersey is the capital of ,. , is located in United States. , part of New Jersey.
English language is spoken in United States. , part of New Mexico. President of the United States leads ,. The leader of , is Barack Obama. , is located in United States.
English language is spoken in United States. , part of Steuben County, Indiana. Americans are from ,. , is located in United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in ,.
The leader of United States is Barack Obama. Washington, D.C. is the capital of ,. Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in ,. , is located in United States. , part of Summit County, Ohio.
President of the United States leads United States. Americans are from ,. , is located in United States. , part of United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in ,.
11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in United States. , is located in Seminary Ridge. , was established in 2000. , is categorised as Contributing property. , is in the municipality of Gettysburg, Pennsylvania.
Adams County, Pennsylvania has to its northeast Carroll County, Maryland. , has Cumberland County, Pennsylvania to its north. Frederick County, Maryland is to the southwest of ,. , is categorised as Contributing property. , is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania.
Baku is the capital of Azerbaijan. Prime Minister of Azerbaijan leads ,. , is dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. , is located in Azerbaijan. Artur Rasizade is the leader of ,.
Baku is the capital of Azerbaijan. , is dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. , is located in Azerbaijan. Artur Rasizade is the leader of ,. National Assembly (Azerbaijan) dictates the legislature of ,.
President of Turkey leads Turkey. The leader of , is Ahmet Davutoğlu. Ankara is the capital of ,. Istanbul is the largest city in ,. , is located in Turkey.
AWH Engineering College was established in 2001. , has an academic staff of 250. , is in Kerala. , has to its northeast Mahé, India. , is in the city of Kuttikkattoor.
Acharya Institute of Technology is in the city of Bangalore. Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar is the director of ,. The number of post graduate students at , is about 700. The campus address for , In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. , is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The president of Acharya Institute of Technology is B.M. Reddy. , is in the city of Bangalore. , is located in India. The number of post graduate students at , is about 700. , is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The headquarters of European University Association is in Brussels. , is located in Denmark. Monarchy of Denmark leads ,. Lars Løkke Rasmussen is the leader of ,. , is affiliated with European University Association.
Mumbai is the largest city in India. , is located in India. , was established in 2001. , has an academic staff of 250. , is in the city of Kuttikkattoor.
Mumbai is the largest city in India. , is located in India. Kochi is the leader of ,. , is in Kerala. The Ganges is a river in ,.
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has an academic staff of 737. Lars Løkke Rasmussen is the leader of ,. , is in the city of Aarhus. , is located in Denmark. , was established in 1928.
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is in the city of Aarhus. The headquarters of , is in Brussels. , has to its northeast Mols. , is affiliated with European University Association. , is governed by Magistrate.
The nationality of Duncan Rouleau is Americans. , was created by Duncan Rouleau. Alan Tudyk starred in ,. , was created by Steven T. Seagle. , is a character in Big Hero 6 (film).
The manager of A.C. Lumezzane is Michele Marcolini. ,'s ground is in Italy. The leader of , is Pietro Grasso. , plays for F.C. Bari 1908. , plays for Vicenza Calcio.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer). , plays for Chesterfield F.C.. , plays for Stockport County F.C.. ,'s ground is in Blackpool. The leader of , is Labour Party (UK).
A.S. Gubbio 1910 play in Serie D. The leader of , is Sergio Mattarella. ,'s ground is in Italy. Italian language is spoken in ,. The champions of , are S.S. Robur Siena.
The manager of AEK Athens F.C. is Gus Poyet. , plays for Real Zaragoza. , is located in Marousi. ,'s ground is in Olympic Stadium (Athens). , plays for Chelsea F.C..
The leader of Italy is Pietro Grasso. Italians are from ,. Rome is the capital of ,. ,'s ground is in Italy. Italian language is spoken in ,.
The official language of Italy is Italian language. Italians are from ,. Rome is the capital of ,. The leader of , is Sergio Mattarella. ,'s ground is in Italy.
Arem-arem is located in Indonesia. Jusuf Kalla is the leader of ,. , is from the Nationwide in Indonesia, but more specific to Java region. The currency of , is Indonesian rupiah. Indonesian language is spoken in ,.
Asam pedas is located in Malaysia. Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group in ,. Malaysian Malay are an ethnic group in ,. Kuala Lumpur is the capital of ,. , is from the Sumatra and Malay Peninsula region.
Asam pedas is located in Malaysia. Malaysian Malay are an ethnic group in ,. Kuala Lumpur is the capital of ,. Malaysian Indian are an ethnic group in ,. , is from the Sumatra and Malay Peninsula region.
Asam pedas is located in Malaysia. Malaysian Malay are an ethnic group in ,. Kuala Lumpur is the capital of ,. Malaysian Indian are an ethnic group in ,. , is from the Sumatra region.
Asam pedas is located in Malaysia. Malaysian Malay are an ethnic group in ,. Abu Zahar Ujang is the leader of ,. Malaysian Indian are an ethnic group in ,. , is from the Malay Peninsula region.
Bacon Explosion is located in United States. The main ingredients of , are Bacon,sausage. Bacon is an ingredient in ,. , is from the Kansas City metropolitan area region. The main ingredients of , are Sausage.
Bacon Explosion is located in United States. White Americans are an ethnic group in ,. Paul Ryan is the leader of ,. Washington, D.C. is the capital of ,. English language is spoken in ,.
Bacon sandwich is a variation of BLT. The main ingredients of , are Bread and bacon, with a condiment, often ketchup or brown sauce. , is located in United Kingdom. Ketchup is an ingredient in ,. , is also known as Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, bacon muffin.
Baked Alaska is located in France. Manuel Valls is the leader of ,. Gérard Larcher is the leader of ,. French language is spoken in ,. , is from the Hong Kong region.
Lemon is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa. , is located in Colombia. , is of the order Rosids. , is part of the Rutaceae family. , is from the Antioquia Department region.
Barny Cakes is located in France. Gérard Larcher is the leader of ,. French language is spoken in ,. François Hollande is the leader of ,. Sponge cake is an ingredient in ,.
Batagor is located in Indonesia. Joko Widodo is the leader of ,. , is a variation of Siomay. Peanut sauce is an ingredient in ,. , is a variation of Shumai.
Batagor is located in Indonesia. Joko Widodo is the leader of ,. Shiitake is an ingredient in ,. , is a variation of Siomay. , is a variation of Shumai.
Batagor is located in Indonesia. Jusuf Kalla is the leader of ,. Shiitake is an ingredient in ,. , is a variation of Shumai. , is a variation of Siomay.
Bhajji is located in India. , is from the Karnataka region. The main ingredients of , are Gram flour, vegetables. , is also known as Bhaji, bajji. Gram flour is an ingredient in ,.
Bhajji is located in India. Indian people are from ,. T. S. Thakur is the leader of ,. , is from the Karnataka region. Vajubhai Vala is the leader of ,.
Bhajji is located in India. Indian people are from ,. T. S. Thakur is the leader of ,. Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of ,. , is from the Karnataka region.
Bionico is located in Mexico. , is a Dessert. The main ingredients of , are Chopped Fruits, Sour Cream, Condensed Milk, Granola, Shredded Coconut, Raisins. , is from the Guadalajara region. Sour cream is an ingredient in ,.
Bionico is located in Mexico. Spanish language is spoken in ,. Enrique Peña Nieto is the leader of ,. , is a variation of Honey. , is a Dessert.
Bionico is located in Mexico. Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of ,. , is from the Jalisco region. , is a variation of Honey. , is a Dessert.
Carles Puigdemont is the leader of Catalonia. , is located in Spain. Spaniards are an ethnic group in ,. Felipe VI of Spain is the leader of ,. , is from the Catalonia region.
Rome is the capital of Italy. Matteo Renzi is the leader of ,. , is located in Italy. Laura Boldrini is the leader of ,. Italian language is spoken in ,.
Italians are from Italy. Rome is the capital of ,. , is located in Italy. Sergio Mattarella is the leader of ,. Laura Boldrini is the leader of ,.
Pietro Grasso is the leader of Italy. Rome is the capital of ,. Matteo Renzi is the leader of ,. , is located in Italy. Italian language is spoken in ,.
Javanese people are an ethnic group in Java. Fried chicken is an ingredient in ,. The main ingredients of , are Chicken. , is from the Nationwide, also can be found in Malaysia and Singapore region. , is located in Java.
Javanese people are an ethnic group in Java. English language is spoken in ,. , is from the Singapore region. Tony Tan is the leader of ,. , is located in Java.
Arabic is spoken in Philippines. Zamboangans are an ethnic group in ,. Philippine Spanish is spoken in ,. , is located in Philippines. Chinese Filipino are an ethnic group in ,.
Spanish language is spoken in Spain. , is from the Andalusia region. Susana Díaz is the leader of ,. , is located in Spain. Spaniards are an ethnic group in ,.
Felipe VI of Spain is the leader of Spain. , is from the Andalusia region. Susana Díaz is the leader of ,. , is located in Spain. Spaniards are from ,.
The nationality of Alan Bean is United States. , was Test pilot. , was born in Wheeler, Texas. , was chosen by NASA in 1963. , has Retired.
Alan Shepard served as a crew member of Apollo 14. , is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal. , was born in New Hampshire. , is operated by NASA. , was awarded Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy).
Apollo 8 was commanded by Frank Borman. , served as a crew member of Apollo 8. The nationality of , is United States. , was born in British Hong Kong. , is operated by NASA.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. The nationality of , is United States. , served as a crew member of Apollo 11. , was Fighter pilot. , was born on 1930-01-20.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. , served as a crew member of Apollo 11. The nationality of , is United States. , was Fighter pilot. , is operated by NASA.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. , served as a crew member of Apollo 11. , was Fighter pilot. Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963 is ,'s almaMater. , has Retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. , served as a crew member of Apollo 11. , has Retired. , backup pilot was William Anders. , is operated by NASA.
Buzz Aldrin served as a crew member of Apollo 11. , has Retired. , was born on 1930-01-20. , backup pilot was William Anders. , is operated by NASA.
California gemstone Benitoite , served as a crew member of Apollo 14. , died in California. The Senator representing , was Dianne Feinstein. , is operated by NASA.
Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy) is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal. The nationality of , is United States. , died in California. , was born in New Hampshire. , was awarded Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy).
William Anders retired on 1969-09-01. The nationality of , is United States. , was Fighter pilot. , was born in British Hong Kong. , served as a crew member of Apollo 8.
Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup. , is located in Denmark. , part of Central Denmark Region. Margrethe II of Denmark is the leader of ,. Faroese language is spoken in ,.
The runway length of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is 4100.0. , is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas. , is 610.0 metres above sea level. , is operated by ENAIRE. 14L/32R is the runway name of ,.
Agra Airport is located in India. The runway length of , is 1818.0. , is operated by Indian Air Force. , is 167.94 metres above sea level. The ICAO Location Identifier of , is VIAG.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by United States Air Force. , is located in Iraq. The runway length of , is 3990.0. The ICAO Location Identifier of , is ORAA. 08/26 is the runway name of ,.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by United States Air Force. The runway length of , is 3992.88. , is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq. The ICAO Location Identifier of , is ORAA. 08/26 is the runway name of ,.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by United States Air Force. Lockheed AC-130 can be , Boeing C-17 Globemaster III is a transport aircraft in ,. General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon is an aircraft fighter in ,. 1986 United States bombing of Libya was a battle involving ,.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by United States Air Force. Invasion of Grenada was a battle involving ,. Lockheed AC-130 can be , Lockheed C-130 Hercules is a transport aircraft in ,. Operation Enduring Freedom was a battle involving ,.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae. The runway length of , is 733.0. , serves the city of Alderney. , is 88.0 metres above sea level. 08/26 is the runway name of ,.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan. The runway length of , is 3310.0. , is operated by Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. , serves the city of Lahore. 18L/36R is the runway name of ,.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan. The runway length of , is 2900.0. , is operated by Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. , serves the city of Lahore. 18R/36L is the runway name of ,.
Alpena County Regional Airport is 210 metres above sea level. The runway length of , is 1533.0. , is located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan. , is located in United States. , serves the city of Alpena, Michigan.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan. The runway length of , is 1533.0. , serves the city of Alpena, Michigan. , is 210 metres above sea level. 7/25 is the runway name of ,.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan. The runway length of , is 2744.0. , serves the city of Alpena, Michigan. , is 210 metres above sea level. 1/19 is the runway name of ,.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan. , is located in United States. , is 210 metres above sea level. The runway length of , is 1533.0. , serves the city of Alpena, Michigan.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo. , serves the city of Luanda. , is 159 metres above sea level. 05L/23R is the runway name of ,. The runway length of , is 3800.0.
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens. , is located in Greece. Alexis Tsipras is the leader of ,. Greek language is spoken in ,. Nikos Voutsis is the leader of ,.
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens. , is located in Greece. Alexis Tsipras is the leader of ,. Greek language is spoken in ,. Prokopis Pavlopoulos is the leader of ,.
Atlantic City International Airport serves the city of Atlantic City, New Jersey. , part of New Jersey. , is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey. , is located in United States. Don Guardian is the leader of ,.
Philippe of Belgium is the leader of Belgium. , serves the city of Antwerp. Charles Michel is the leader of ,. , is located in Belgium. City of Brussels is the capital of ,.
Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey part of New Jersey. The ICAO Location Identifier of , is KACY. , is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey. , is located in United States. , part of Atlantic County, New Jersey.
Harrietstown, New York is located in United States. , part of Harrietstown, New York. , part of New York. , serves the city of Lake Placid, New York. , serves the city of Saranac Lake, New York.
Harrietstown, New York is located in United States. , part of Harrietstown, New York. , part of Essex County, New York. , serves the city of Lake Placid, New York. , serves the city of Saranac Lake, New York.
Indian Air Force has an aircraft-capable helicopter known as HAL Light Combat Helicopter. , is located in Uttar Pradesh. , part of Awadh. , is operated by Indian Air Force. , part of Bundelkhand.
Indian Air Force has an aircraft-capable helicopter known as HAL Light Combat Helicopter. , is located in Uttar Pradesh. Ram Naik is the leader of ,. , is operated by Indian Air Force. , part of Bundelkhand.
Haider al-Abadi is the leader of Iraq. Fuad Masum is the leader of ,. , serves the city of Fallujah. , is located in Iraq. Arabic is spoken in ,.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland. , was completed in 1985. , part of Cuyahoga County, Ohio. , part of Ohio. , is located in United States.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo, New York. , has Postmodern architecture. The construction of , began in January, 2014. , has a floor area of 30843.8 (square metres). , has 12 floors.
300 North La Salle is located in Chicago. Rahm Emanuel is the leader of ,. , is located in United States. Springfield, Illinois is the capital of ,. , part of Illinois.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Denmark. Faroese language is spoken in ,. Margrethe II of Denmark is the leader of ,. , was founded in Washington, D.C. The tenant of , is Marriott International.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Denmark. , was founded in Washington, D.C. The tenant of , is Marriott International. A key person at the , is Bill Marriott. Greenlandic language is spoken in ,.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Denmark. , was founded in Washington, D.C. Lars Løkke Rasmussen is the leader of ,. The tenant of , is Marriott International. Greenlandic language is spoken in ,.
Adare Manor is located in Republic of Ireland. The architect of , is Augustus Pugin. One of the significant buildings designed by , is the Palace of Westminster. , was born in Bloomsbury. Enda Kenny is the leader of ,.
Addis Ababa City Hall was completed in 1964. The Government of Addis Ababa is the current tenant of ,. The construction of , began in 1961. , has a floor area of 140000.0 (square metres). The height of , is 42 m.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan. , has 3 floors. , is located in Akita, Akita. , is located in Akita Prefecture. The address of , is 1-4-2 Nakadori.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan. , is located in Akita, Akita. , part of Akita Prefecture. Tarō Asō is the leader of ,. Chinese people in Japan are an ethnic group in ,.
Alan B. Miller Hall is located in Virginia. The architect of , is Robert A. M. Stern. College of William & Mary is the owner of ,. , is located in United States. The Mason School of Business is the current tenant of ,.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad. , is located in India. , is located in Gujarat. Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of ,. Gujarat Legislative Assembly leads ,.
Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka. Ranil Wickremesinghe is the leader of ,. , is in Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. , is from the Ampara District region. Austin Fernando is the leader of ,.
Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka. Ranil Wickremesinghe is the leader of ,. , is in Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. ,'s governing body is Eastern Provincial Council. Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of ,.
The architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds is Julia Morgan. , was born in San Francisco. One of the significant buildings designed by , is the Los Angeles Herald-Examiner. Hearst Castle was a significant project of ,. One of the significant buildings designed by , is the Asilomar State Beach.
The architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds is Julia Morgan. , was born in San Francisco. One of the significant buildings designed by , is the Riverside Art Museum. Hearst Castle was a significant project of ,. One of the significant buildings designed by , is the Asilomar State Beach.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City. , is located in United States. Cyrus Vance, Jr. is the leader of ,. , part of Manhattan. , part of New Netherland.
Birmingham postal codes B postcode area. The architect of , is John Madin. , was born in Birmingham. John Clancy (Labour politician) is the leader of ,. ,'s governing body is Birmingham City Council.
Washington, D.C. is the capital of United States. President of the United States leads ,. John Roberts is the leader of ,. , is located in United States. Barack Obama is the leader of ,.
11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in United States. , is located in Seminary Ridge. , is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. , is in Pennsylvania. , was established in 2000. , is categorised as Contributing property.
Adams County, Pennsylvania is East of Franklin County, Pennsylvania. , has to its northeast Carroll County, Maryland. , has Cumberland County, Pennsylvania to its north. Frederick County, Maryland is to the southwest of ,. , is categorised as Contributing property. , is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania.
The leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade. Baku is the capital of ,. , is made of Red granite and white marble. , is dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. , is located in Azerbaijan. , was designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner.
Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is made of Red granite and white marble. , is dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. , is located in Azerbaijan. Türk Şehitleri Anıtı is the native name of ,. Artur Rasizade is the leader of ,. , was designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner.
Monocacy National Battlefield is located in Frederick County, Maryland. , was established in 1907-07-11. , is located in United States. , is categorised as Historic districts in the United States. , is located in the district of Monocacy National Battlefield. , is in Maryland.
The nationality of Alan Bean is United States. , was Test pilot. , was born on 1932-03-15. , was born in Wheeler, Texas. , spent 100305.0(minutes) in space. , has Retired.
Alan Shepard served as a crew member of Apollo 14. , is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal. , died in California. , was born in New Hampshire. , is operated by NASA. , was awarded Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy).
Apollo 12 backup pilot was Alfred Worden. , served as a crew member of Apollo 12. , is operated by NASA. , retired on June 1981. , was commanded by David Scott. ,'s full name was "Alan La Vern Bean".
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. The nationality of , is United States. , was chosen by NASA in 1963. , served as a crew member of Apollo 11. , was Fighter pilot. Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963 is ,'s almaMater.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. , served as a crew member of Apollo 11. , was born on 1930-01-20. Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963 is ,'s almaMater. , backup pilot was William Anders. , is operated by NASA.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. , served as a crew member of Apollo 11. The nationality of , is United States. , was Fighter pilot. , backup pilot was William Anders. , is operated by NASA.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. , was chosen by NASA in 1963. , served as a crew member of Apollo 11. , was Fighter pilot. Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963 is ,'s almaMater. , was born on 1930-01-20.
California gemstone Benitoite Smilodon is a fossil from ,. , is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal. , died in California. The Senator representing , was Dianne Feinstein. , was awarded Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy).
William Anders retired on 1969-09-01. The nationality of , is United States. , was Fighter pilot. , was born in British Hong Kong. , served as a crew member of Apollo 8. AFIT, M.S. 1962 is ,'s almaMater.
William Anders retired on 1969-09-01. , served as a crew member of Apollo 8. , was born in British Hong Kong. , backup pilot was Buzz Aldrin. Frank Borman was a member of the crew on ,. , is operated by NASA.
William Anders served as a crew member of Apollo 8. AFIT, M.S. 1962 is ,'s almaMater. , backup pilot was Buzz Aldrin. Frank Borman was a member of the crew on ,. , is operated by NASA. , has Retired.
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Switzerland. The dean of , is Mario Botta. , is in the city of Mendrisio. , was established in 1996. , has an academic staff of 100. , is located in Ticino.
Acharya Institute of Technology is in the city of Bangalore. , is in Karnataka. , is located in India. The number of post graduate students at , is about 700. The campus address for , In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. , is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The president of Acharya Institute of Technology is B.M. Reddy. , is in the city of Bangalore. , was established in 2000. , is located in India. The campus address for , In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. , is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
Lars Løkke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark. The headquarters of , is in Brussels. , is located in Denmark. Monarchy of Denmark leads ,. , is affiliated with European University Association. In , the main religion is the Church of Denmark.
Lars Løkke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark. The dean of , is Thomas Pallesen. , is in the city of Aarhus. The headquarters of , is in Brussels. , is located in Denmark. , is affiliated with European University Association.
Mumbai is the largest city in India. , is located in India. , was established in 2001. Kochi is the leader of ,. , is in Kerala. The Ganges is a river in ,.
Germans of Romania are an ethnic group in Romania. Klaus Iohannis is the leader of ,. The patron Saint of , is Andrew the Apostle. Bucharest is the capital of ,. , is located in Romania. The anthem of , is called Deșteaptă-te, române!.
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has an academic staff of 737. Lars Løkke Rasmussen is the leader of ,. , is in the city of Aarhus. There are 16000 students at ,. , is located in Denmark. , was established in 1928.
Ahmet Davutoğlu is the leader of Turkey. Ankara is the capital of ,. Istanbul is the largest city in ,. , is made of Bronze. The currency of , is Turkish lira. , was in augurated on 1932-07-27. , is located in Turkey.
President of Turkey leads Turkey. The leader of , is Ahmet Davutoğlu. , was designed by Pietro Canonica. Ankara is the capital of ,. , is made of Bronze. , was in augurated on 1932-07-27. , is located in Turkey.
President of Turkey leads Turkey. Ahmet Davutoğlu is the leader of ,. Ankara is the capital of ,. Istanbul is the largest city in ,. The currency of , is Turkish lira. , was in augurated on 1932-07-27. , is located in Turkey.
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Switzerland. The dean of , is Mario Botta. There are 600 students at ,. , was established in 1996. , has an academic staff of 100. , is in the city of Mendrisio. Federal Chancellor of Switzerland leads ,.
The president of Acharya Institute of Technology is B.M. Reddy. , is in the city of Bangalore. Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar is the director of ,. , was established in 2000. , motto is Nurturing Excellence. , is located in India. , is in Karnataka.
All India Council for Technical Education was proud to give the Technical Campus status to Acharya Institute of Technology. , is located in Mumbai. , has to its northeast Telangana. Tennis is one of the sports offered at ,. , is East of Arabian Sea. , is in Karnataka. The sport , has a Governing Body called International Tennis Federation.
Germans of Romania are an ethnic group in Romania. Prime Minister of Romania leads ,. , is located in Romania. Klaus Iohannis is the leader of ,. Bucharest is the capital of ,. , is in the city of Alba Iulia. The anthem of , is called Deșteaptă-te, române!.
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has an academic staff of 737. Lars Løkke Rasmussen is the leader of ,. The dean of , is Thomas Pallesen. , is in the city of Aarhus. , is located in Denmark. , is affiliated with European University Association. , was established in 1928.
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is in the city of Aarhus. The headquarters of , is in Brussels. , is located in Denmark. Monarchy of Denmark leads ,. Lars Løkke Rasmussen is the leader of ,. , is affiliated with European University Association. , is governed by Magistrate.
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is in the city of Aarhus. , is affiliated with European University Association. The dean of , is Thomas Pallesen. There are 16000 students at ,. , is located in Denmark. The Latin name of , is Universitas Aarhusiensis". , was established in 1928.
The nationality of Alan Bean is United States. , was Test pilot. , was born on 1932-03-15. UT Austin, B.S. 1955 is ,'s almaMater. , served as a crew member of Apollo 12. , was born in Wheeler, Texas. , has Retired.
Alan Shepard has Deceased. NWC, M.A. 1957 is ,'s almaMater. , died in California. , was Test pilot. , was born in New Hampshire. , was chosen by NASA in 1959. , was born on 1923-11-18.
Apollo 12 backup pilot was Alfred Worden. , served as a crew member of Apollo 12. The nationality of , is United States. , is operated by NASA. , was Test pilot. , was commanded by David Scott. , was born in Wheeler, Texas.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. Edwin E. Aldrin, Jr., Jr. was commonly known as ,. , was chosen by NASA in 1963. , served as a crew member of Apollo 11. , was Fighter pilot. Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963 is ,'s almaMater. , was born on 1930-01-20.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. The nationality of , is United States. , spent 52.0(minutes) in space. , served as a crew member of Apollo 11. , was Fighter pilot. Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963 is ,'s almaMater. , was born on 1930-01-20.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. The nationality of , is United States. , served as a crew member of Apollo 11. , was awarded 20. Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963 is ,'s almaMater. , was born on 1930-01-20. , has Retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. , served as a crew member of Apollo 11. , has Retired. , was born on 1930-01-20. The nationality of , is United States. , was chosen by NASA in 1963. , is operated by NASA.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. , served as a crew member of Apollo 11. , has Retired. The nationality of , is United States. Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963 is ,'s almaMater. , backup pilot was William Anders. , is operated by NASA.
William Anders retired on 1969-09-01. The nationality of , is United States. , has Retired. , was born on 1933-10-17. , was Fighter pilot. , was born in British Hong Kong. , served as a crew member of Apollo 8.
William Anders retired on 1969-09-01. , served as a crew member of Apollo 8. The nationality of , is United States. , was born in British Hong Kong. , backup pilot was Buzz Aldrin. Frank Borman was a member of the crew on ,. , is operated by NASA.
William Anders retired on 1969-09-01. , was chosen by NASA in 1963. , spent 8820.0(minutes) in space. , was born on 1933-10-17. , was Fighter pilot. , was born in British Hong Kong. , served as a crew member of Apollo 8.
Aaron S. Daggett won Purple Heart.
Battle of Mine Run was a battle involving Aaron S. Daggett.
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam, Netherlands.
The president of Abdul Rahman Ya'kub is Tuanku Bujang Tuanku Othman.
The leader party at Abdul Taib Mahmud is Parti Bumiputera Sarawak.
Abdul Taib Mahmud successor Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taib
Abdulsalami Abubakar active Years End Date 1999-05-29
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Minna.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State.
Abner W. Sibal active Years End Date 1965-01-03
Abner W. Sibal died in Alexandria, Virginia.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent.
Adam Holloway resides in Gravesend.
University of Adelaide is Adenan Satem's almaMater.
Adolf Schärf was born in Mikulov.
Adonis Georgiadis in Office While Prime Minister Antonis Samaras
Adonis Georgiadis office (worked At, worked As) Deputy Minister for Development, Competitiveness and Shipping
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf.
Agnes Ward White was born in Marietta, Ohio.
The construction of Airey Neave began in 1953-06-30.
Airey Neave won Military Cross.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London.
Airey Neave military Rank Lieutenant colonel
Airey Neave service Start Year 1935
The leader party at Albert B. White is Republican Party (United States).
Albert B. White spouse Agnes Ward White
Albert Jennings Fountain military Branch Union Army
The nationality of Alberto Teisaire is Argentina.
Alberto Teisaire profession Rear Admiral in the Argentine Navy
Alfons Gorbach died in Austria.
The construction of Alfred Moore Scales began in 1875-03-04.
Battle of Chancellorsville was a battle involving Alfred Moore Scales.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Darien, Connecticut.
Alfred N. Phillips office (worked At, worked As) Mayor of Stamford, Connecticut
The construction of Allan Shivers began in 1947-01-21.
Allan Shivers military Branch United States Army
Allan Shivers successor Price Daniel
The construction of Alvah Sabin began in 1853-03-04.
The leader party at Alvah Sabin is Whig Party (United States).
American Civil War was commanded by Robert E. Lee.
Austrian German is spoken in Austria.
Battle of Antietam was commanded by Robert E. Lee.
Battle of Cold Harbor part of American Civil War.
Gabriela Michetti is the leader of Buenos Aires.
Gulf War was commanded by Colin Powell.
John F. Kennedy predecessor Dwight D. Eisenhower
University of Vienna is Josef Klaus's almaMater.
Juan Carlos I of Spain predecessor Francisco Franco
The leader party at Juan Perón is Labour Party (Argentina).
Mark Rutte is the leader of Netherlands.
Spanish–American War was a battle involving United States Army.
William M. O. Dawson was born in Bloomington, Maryland.
1955 Dodge is also known as Dodge Coronet.
1955 Dodge engine 230 (cubic inches)
A-Rosa Luna christening Date 2005-04-07
AIDA Cruises is located in Rostock.
AIDAluna is operated by AIDA Cruises.
AIDAstella christening Date 2013-03-16
AIDAstella was completed in 2013-03-11.
AIDAstella maiden Voyage 2013-03-17
AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises.
ALV X-1 launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport
AMC Matador is also known as American Motors Matador.
ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) has Sold to the Netherlands 1 April 1948.
Abarth 1000 GT Coupé engine Straight-four engine
Acura TLX engine Honda K engine
Acura TLX layout AWD (vehicle)
Acura TLX related Mean Of Transportation Honda Accord
Acura TLX transmission 9-speed ZF 9HP automatic (V6)
Alfa Romeo 164 assembly Arese
Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Lancia Thema
Alfa Romeo 164 transmission 4-speed automatic (ZF 4HP18QE)
Alhambra builder Samuda Brothers
Alhambra ship Beam 8.3 m
Alhambra has Wrecked.
Alhambra top Speed 18.52
Alvis Speed 25 engine Straight-six engine
Alvis Speed 25 model Start Year 1937
American submarine NR-1 ship Draft 4.6 m
Antares (rocket) final Flight 2014-10-28
Antares (rocket) launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0
Gabriela Michetti is the leader of Argentina.
Ariane 5 launch Site Guiana Space Centre
Ariane 5 maiden Flight 2005-08-11
Aston Martin V8 body Style Convertible
Aston Martin V8 manufacturer Aston Martin
Aston Martin Virage manufacturer Aston Martin
Atlas II final Flight 1998-03-16
Atlas II launch Site Vandenberg Air Force Base
Audi was founded August Horch Baron Reith.
Audi A1 assembly Audi Brussels
Audi A1 related Mean Of Transportation SEAT Ibiza
Caterpillar Inc. is located in Peoria, Illinois.
Costa Crociere is located in Genoa.
De Soto Custom related Mean Of Transportation Chrysler Newport
Fiat Croma related Mean Of Transportation Alfa Romeo 164
Germans are from Germany.
Norbert Lammert is the leader of Germany.
Stanislaw Tillich is the leader of Germany.
Gruppo Bertone was founded Giovanni Bertone Baron Reith.
Guiana Space Centre is Kourou, French Guiana.
Honda K engine manufacturer Honda
The anthem of United States is called The Star-Spangled Banner.
Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in United States.
Silvio Berlusconi is the chairman of A.C. Milan.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada.
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen.
Abel Hernández plays for Uruguay Olympic football team.
Abel Hernández plays for Uruguay national football team.
Abner (footballer) was born in Brazil.
Adam Maher was born in Diemen.
Adam Maher was born in Netherlands.
Adam Maher plays for Netherlands national under-17 football team.
Adam Maher plays for PSV Eindhoven.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Iraq national football team.
Akeem Adams was born in Point Fortin.
Akeem Dent former Team Atlanta Falcons
Akeem Priestley plays for Connecticut Huskies.
Al-Khor Sports Club play in Qatar Stars League.
The manager of Al-Zawra'a SC is Basim Qasim.
Al Kharaitiyat SC position Qatar Stars League
Alaa Abdul-Zahra was born in Baghdad.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Sanat Mes Kerman F.C..
Alan Martin (footballer) plays for Hamilton Academical F.C..
Alan Martin (footballer) plays for Scotland national under-19 football team.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. was born on 1995-09-02.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. plays for Florida Panthers.
The height of Aleksander Barkov, Jr. is 1.905.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. play in National Hockey League.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 1989-02-24.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Amkar Perm.
Aleksandre Guruli was born in Batumi.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Samtredia.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for Georgia national under-21 football team.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.S. Roma.
Alessio Romagnoli played youth football A.S. Roma.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba.
Alex Tyus play in Turkish Basketball Super League.
Atlanta Falcons is in the city of Atlanta.
The manager of Boston Bruins is Don Sweeney.
Budapest is located in Hungary.
English language is spoken in Canada.
Slavey language is spoken in Canada.
Columbus Blue Jackets is in the city of Columbus, Ohio.
The manager of FC Karpaty Lviv is Oleh Luzhny.
The manager of FC Torpedo Moscow is Valery Petrakov.
Gábor Kubatov is the chairman of Ferencvárosi TC.
Finnish language is spoken in Finland.
Italy national under-16 football team coach Daniele Zoratto
Maccabi Ashdod B.C. coach Zvi Sherf
Motherwell F.C.'s ground is in Fir Park.
Jean-Michel Aulas is the owner of Olympique Lyonnais.
St. Louis Rams is in the city of St. Louis.
Tennessee Titans is in the city of Nashville, Tennessee.
Aaron Bertram were invented in 1998.
Aaron Deer associated Band/associated Musical Artist The Horns of Happiness
Aaron Deer record Label Kill Rock Stars
Aaron Turner is in the genre of Avant-garde metal.
Aaron Turner is in the genre of Progressive metal.
Abradab background solo singer
Abradab was born on 1978-11-12.
Abradab was born in Poland.
Abradab is in the genre of Hip hop music.
Agustín Barboza is in the genre of Guarania (music).
Ahmet Ertegun was born in Istanbul, Turkey.
Alan Frew is in the genre of Rock music.
Albennie Jones associated Band/associated Musical Artist Sammy Price
Aleksandra Kovač background solo singer
Aleksandra Kovač was born in Yugoslavia.
Aleksandra Kovač is in the genre of Rhythm and blues.
Aleksandra Kovač is in the genre of Soul music.
Alex Day is in the genre of Synthpop.
Alfredo Zitarrosa associated Band/associated Musical Artist Héctor Numa Moraes
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Montevideo.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Uruguay.
Alfredo Zitarrosa record Label RCA Records
Alison O'Donnell were invented in 1963.
Alison O'Donnell is in the genre of Jazz.
Alison O'Donnell instrument Voice, bodhrán, percussion, autoharp
Allen Forrest was born on 1981-02-04.
Allen Forrest is in the genre of Pop music.
Alligator Records is located in Chicago.
Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Johnny Sansone
Anders Osborne is in the genre of Rhythm and blues.
Anders Osborne record Label Alligator Records
Andra (singer) is in the genre of Rhythm and blues.
Andrew Rayel were invented in 2009.
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Christian Burns
Andrew Rayel was born in Chișinău, Moldova.
Andrew White (musician) associated Band/associated Musical Artist Marry Banilow
Andrew White (musician) record Label B-Unique Records
Asunción part of Gran Asunción.
Christian Burns instrument Guitar
Hip hop music is in the genre of Gangsta rap.
Hip hop music stylistic Origin Funk
Indie rock stylistic Origin New wave music
Manchester part of Greater Manchester.
Polydor Records is located in London.
RCA Records distributing Company Sony Music Entertainment
Rock and roll stylistic Origin Blues
Synthpop stylistic Origin Pop music
British people are from United Kingdom.
(19255) 1994 VK8 has a population density of 2.0 (gram Per Cubic Centimetres).
(29075) 1950 DA discoverer Carl A. Wirtanen
(410777) 2009 FD absolute Magnitude 22.1
(410777) 2009 FD apoapsis 259776702.47055 (kilometres)
(66063) 1998 RO1 apoapsis 254989570.60815 (kilometres)
(66063) 1998 RO1 epoch 2013-11-04
1000 Piazzia escape Velocity 0.0252 (kilometre Per Seconds)
1001 Gaussia was formerly called 1923 OAA907 XC.
1001 Gaussia maximum Temperature 165.0 (kelvins)
101 Helena apoapsis 441092000.0 (kilometres)
101 Helena epoch 2006-12-31
101 Helena mass 3.0 (kilograms)
1036 Ganymed average Speed 16.86 (kilometre Per Seconds)
103 Hera absolute Magnitude 7.66
103 Hera mass 7.9 (kilograms)
107 Camilla absolute Magnitude 7.08
107 Camilla discoverer A. Storrs
1089 Tama was formerly called A894 VA; A904 VD;.
1089 Tama orbital Period 1202.846 (days)
1097 Vicia average Speed 17.92 (kilometre Per Seconds)
1097 Vicia epoch 2006-12-31
1097 Vicia rotation Period 95040.0
109 Felicitas discoverer Christian Heinrich Friedrich Peters
109 Felicitas periapsis 283326000000.0
10 Hygiea average Speed 16.76 (kilometre Per Seconds)
1101 Clematis periapsis 445895000000.0
110 Lydia epoch 2006-12-31
11264 Claudiomaccone can be served 173.0 (kelvins).
University of Michigan is James Craig Watson's almaMater.
N. R. Pogson was born in Nottingham.
Aaron S. Daggett won Purple Heart. Battle of Fredericksburg was a battle involving ,.
Battle of Gettysburg was a battle involving Aaron S. Daggett. , won Purple Heart.
Abdul Rahman Ya'kub has Deputy Stephen Yong Kuet Tze Abdul Taib Mahmud successor Abdul Rahman Ya'kub
The leader party at Abdul Taib Mahmud is Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. , was born in Kingdom of Sarawak.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Minna. Technical Institute, Kaduna is ,'s almaMater.
Abdulsalami Abubakar office (worked At, worked As) Chief of the Defence Staff (Nigeria) , was born in Niger State.
Abdulsalami Abubakar office (worked At, worked As) Chief of the Defence Staff (Nigeria) Abdulsalami Abubakar successor Al-Amin Daggash
Abdulsalami Abubakar successor Olusegun Obasanjo Abdulsalami Abubakar active Years End Date 1999-05-29
Abdulsalami Abubakar successor Olusegun Obasanjo The president of , is Mike Akhigbe.
World War II was a battle involving Abner W. Sibal. , was commanded by Joseph Stalin.
Abner W. Sibal military Branch United States Army Korean War was a battle involving ,.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent. Magdalene College, Cambridge is ,'s almaMater.
Adam Holloway resides in Gravesend. , was born in Kent.
World War I was a battle involving Adam Koc. , won Virtuti Militari.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens. Adonis Georgiadis office (worked At, worked As) Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Greece. , was born in Athens.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Greece. Adonis Georgiadis office (worked At, worked As) Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf. Agnes Kant office (worked At, worked As) Parliamentary group leader
Airey Neave won Military Cross. Airey Neave unit Royal Artillery
Battle of France was a battle involving Airey Neave. The construction of , began in 1974-03-04.
Battle of France was a battle involving Airey Neave. , was commanded by Hugo Sperrle.
World War II was a battle involving Airey Neave. , was born in Knightsbridge.
World War II was a battle involving Airey Neave. , was commanded by Franklin D. Roosevelt.
World War II was a battle involving Airey Neave. , was commanded by Joseph Stalin.
Albert B. White died in 1941. , was born on 1856-09-22.
Albert B. White profession Politician , was born on 1856-09-22.
Albert Jennings Fountain died in Doña Ana County, New Mexico. , was born in New York City.
The president of Albert Jennings Fountain is Edmund J. Davis. , died in New Mexico Territory.
The leader party at Albert Jennings Fountain is Republican Party (United States). , was born in New York City.
Alberto Teisaire office (worked At, worked As) Provisional President of the Argentine Senate Alberto Teisaire successor Isaac Rojas
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria. , was born in Austria-Hungary.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol (state). , was born in Austria.
Alfred Moore Scales office (worked At, worked As) Governor of North Carolina Alfred Moore Scales successor James W. Reid (politician)
Alfred Moore Scales successor Daniel Gould Fowle Princeton University is ,'s almaMater.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Connecticut. Alfred N. Phillips office (worked At, worked As) United States House of Representatives
Alfred N. Phillips military Branch United States Army American Civil War was a battle involving ,.
World War II was a battle involving Allan Shivers. , was commanded by Joseph Stalin.
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas. Allan Shivers office (worked At, worked As) Member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur)
Allan Shivers office (worked At, worked As) Member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur) Allan Shivers successor Ben Ramsey
Alvah Sabin was born on 1793-10-23. Alvah Sabin office (worked At, worked As) Secretary of State of Vermont
The currency of Netherlands is Euro. , is located in Netherlands.
Mark Rutte is the leader of Netherlands. , is located in Netherlands.
Parkersburg, West Virginia is located in United States. , died in Parkersburg, West Virginia.
Aaron Boogaard plays for Wichita Thunder. , was born in Saskatchewan.
Abel Hernández plays for Peñarol. The manager of , is Jorge Orosmán da Silva.
Abel Hernández plays for U.S. Città di Palermo. , plays for Peñarol.
Adam Maher plays for Netherlands national under-17 football team. , plays for AZ Alkmaar.
Adam Maher plays for PSV Eindhoven. , plays for Netherlands national under-17 football team.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Steel Azin F.C.. , plays for Al Shorta SC.
Akeem Adams plays for Ferencvárosi TC. The manager of , is Thomas Doll.
Akeem Adams plays for Trinidad and Tobago national football team. , plays for T&TEC Sports Club.
Akeem Ayers former Team New England Patriots Akeem Ayers draft Pick 39
Akeem Ayers former Team Tennessee Titans Akeem Ayers draft Pick 39
Akeem Dent was born in 1987. , was born on 1987-09-27.
Akeem Priestley plays for Connecticut Huskies. , plays for Sheikh Russel KC.
Akeem Priestley plays for Ro PS. , plays for Sheikh Russel KC.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al-Khor Sports Club. ,'s ground is in Al Khor.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC. The manager of , is Amar Osim.
Alan Martin (footballer) plays for Hamilton Academical F.C.. , plays for Leeds United F.C..
Alan Martin (footballer) plays for Hamilton Academical F.C.. ,'s ground is in New Douglas Park.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. plays for Florida Panthers. , was born on 1995-09-02.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. plays for Florida Panthers. , was born in Tampere, Finland.
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow. The manager of , is Valery Petrakov.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow. , plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Tom Tomsk. , play in Russian Football National League.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv. , plays for FC Dinamo Batumi.
Alex Plante was born in 1989. , was born in Manitoba.
Alex Tyus plays for Pallacanestro Cantù. , was born on 1988-01-08.
Alex Tyus play in Turkish Basketball Super League. , plays for Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C..
Conservative Party of Canada is the leader of Brandon, Manitoba. , was born in Brandon, Manitoba.
The anthem of Canada is called O Canada. , was born in Canada.
English language is spoken in Canada. , was born in Canada.
The manager of FC Dinamo Batumi is Levan Khomeriki. , plays for FC Dinamo Batumi.
FC Spartak Moscow's ground is in Otkrytiye Arena. , plays for FC Spartak Moscow.
Ro PS play in Veikkausliiga. , plays for Ro PS.
United Petrotrin F.C.'s ground is in Palo Seco Velodrome. , plays for United Petrotrin F.C..
Aaron Deer is in the genre of Psychedelia. Aaron Deer instrument Guitar
Aaron Deer origin United States Aaron Deer origin Indiana
Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist Twilight (band) , is in the genre of Electroacoustic music.
Aaron Turner instrument Singing , is in the genre of Avant-garde metal.
Abradab associated Band/associated Musical Artist Magik (rapper) Abradab associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kaliber 44
Abradab was born on 1978-11-12. , was born in Katowice.
Abradab was born in Katowice. , was born in Poland.
Ace Wilder is in the genre of Hip hop music. Hip hop music stylistic Origin Disco
Ace Wilder record Label Warner Music Group Ace Wilder background solo singer
Agustín Barboza was born in Paraguay. Agustín Barboza record Label Philips Records
Alan Frew is in the genre of Rock music. , is in the genre of Bhangra (music).
Alan Frew is in the genre of Rock music. Rock music stylistic Origin Country music
Albennie Jones is in the genre of Jazz. Jazz stylistic Origin Blues
Aleksandra Kovač is in the genre of Pop music. Aleksandra Kovač background solo singer
Aleksandra Kovač is in the genre of Rhythm and blues. Rhythm and blues stylistic Origin Blues
Aleksandra Kovač is in the genre of Soul music. , were invented in 1990.
Alex Day is in the genre of Synthpop. Synthpop stylistic Origin New wave music
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England. , was born in 1872.
Alfredo Zitarrosa background solo singer , is in the genre of Milonga (music).
Alfredo Zitarrosa background solo singer , is in the genre of Taquirari.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay. , died in Montevideo.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Uruguay. , was born in Montevideo.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is in the genre of Zamba (artform). Alfredo Zitarrosa background solo singer
Alison O'Donnell associated Band/associated Musical Artist Plastik Mak Alison O'Donnell associated Band/associated Musical Artist Bajik
Alison O'Donnell is in the genre of Folk rock. Alison O'Donnell record Label Floating World Records
Alison O'Donnell is in the genre of Jazz. Alison O'Donnell instrument Voice, bodhrán, percussion, autoharp
Allen Forrest is in the genre of Hip hop music. Allen Forrest background solo singer
Alternative rock is in the genre of Christian alternative rock. , is in the genre of Alternative rock.
Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Phil Lesh and Friends Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Tab Benoit
Anders Osborne is in the genre of Rhythm and blues. Anders Osborne record Label Rabadash Records
Anders Osborne is in the genre of Rhythm and blues. Anders Osborne record Label Shanachie Records
Andra (singer) is in the genre of Pop music. , were invented in 2000.
Andra (singer) is in the genre of Rhythm and blues. Rhythm and blues stylistic Origin Blues
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Christian Burns Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Jonathan Mendelsohn
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Jonathan Mendelsohn Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Mark Sixma
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Jwaydan Moyine Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Armin van Buuren
Andrew White (musician) is in the genre of Alternative rock. Alternative rock stylistic Origin New wave music
Country music instrument Banjo , is in the genre of Country music.
Polydor Records is located in London. Andrew White (musician) record Label Polydor Records
(19255) 1994 VK8 escape Velocity 0.0925 (kilometre Per Seconds) (19255) 1994 VK8 apoapsis 6603633000.0 (kilometres)
(410777) 2009 FD apoapsis 259776702.47055 (kilometres) (410777) 2009 FD minimum Temperature 211.0 (kelvins)
(410777) 2009 FD periapsis 88234300000.0 (410777) 2009 FD discoverer Spacewatch
(66063) 1998 RO1 epoch 2013-11-04 (66063) 1998 RO1 escape Velocity 0.0999 (kilometre Per Seconds)
(66391) 1999 KW4 epoch 2004-07-14 (66391) 1999 KW4 orbital Period 16244700.0
(66391) 1999 KW4 epoch 2004-07-14 (66391) 1999 KW4 rotation Period 9953.28
101 Helena discoverer James Craig Watson , died in Peritonitis.
1036 Ganymed average Speed 16.86 (kilometre Per Seconds) 1036 Ganymed apoapsis 611961000.0 (kilometres)
1036 Ganymed discoverer Walter Baade , was born in German Empire.
1036 Ganymed discoverer Walter Baade The nationality of , is Germany.
103 Hera discoverer James Craig Watson , died in Peritonitis.
103 Hera discoverer James Craig Watson The nationality of , is Canada.
107 Camilla discoverer N. R. Pogson , was born in Nottingham.
1089 Tama epoch 2005-11-26 , was formerly called A919 HA; 1927 WB;.
1089 Tama can be served 179.0 (kelvins). 1089 Tama apoapsis 373513000.0 (kilometres)
1097 Vicia epoch 2006-12-31 1097 Vicia periapsis 279142000000.0
109 Felicitas apoapsis 523329000.0 (kilometres) , can be served 170.0 (kelvins).
109 Felicitas epoch 2006-12-31 109 Felicitas periapsis 283326000000.0
109 Felicitas rotation Period 47487.6 109 Felicitas epoch 2006-12-31
10 Hygiea apoapsis 523951582.33968 (kilometres) , can be served 164.0 (kelvins).
10 Hygiea was formerly called A900 GA. 10 Hygiea epoch 2015-06-27
110 Lydia epoch 2006-12-31 110 Lydia mass 6.7 (kilograms)
110 Lydia epoch 2006-12-31 110 Lydia orbital Period 142603000.0
A-Rosa Luna ship Class Cruise ship A-Rosa Luna length 125800.0 (millimetres)
A-Rosa Luna ship Ordered 2004-01-22 A-Rosa Luna length 125800.0 (millimetres)
AIDA Cruises is located in Germany. , is operated by AIDA Cruises.
AIDA Cruises is located in Rostock. , is operated by AIDA Cruises.
AIDAluna top Speed 40.744 AIDAluna length 252000.0 (millimetres)
AIDAstella christening Date 2013-03-16 AIDAstella length 253260.0 (millimetres)
ALCO RS-3 builder Montreal Locomotive Works ALCO RS-3 power Type Diesel-electric transmission
ALV X-1 diameter 1.524 (metres) ALV X-1 rocket Stages 2
AMC Matador assembly Kenosha, Wisconsin AMC Matador model Years 1974
AMC Matador was designed by Richard A. Teague. Richard A. Teague employer Chrysler
ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) length 192000.0 (millimetres) , is located in Argentina.
Alfa Romeo 164 assembly Milan Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Saab 9000
Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Fiat Croma Alfa Romeo 164 assembly Italy
Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Lancia Thema Alfa Romeo 164 assembly Italy
Alvis Speed 25 manufacturer Alvis Car and Engineering Company , is located in Coventry.
Alvis Speed 25 transmission single plate clutch, separate 4-speed gearbox all-silent and all-syncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle Alvis Speed 25 engine 4387.0 (cubic Centimetres)
Alvis Speed 25 transmission single plate clutch, separate 4-speed gearbox all-silent and all-syncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle Alvis Speed 25 engine Straight-six engine
American Motors successor Eagle (automobile) AMC Matador manufacturer American Motors
Antares (rocket) maiden Flight 2014-01-09 Antares (rocket) launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport
Gabriela Michetti is the leader of Argentina. , is located in Argentina.
Ariane 5 launch Site ELA-3 Ariane 5 manufacturer Airbus Defence and Space
Ariane 5 manufacturer Airbus Defence and Space Airbus Group is the parent company of ,.
Aston Martin V8 assembly United Kingdom Aston Martin V8 related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin RHAM/1
Aston Martin V8 manufacturer Aston Martin Aston Martin V8 successor Aston Martin Virage
Aston Martin V8 related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin DBS Aston Martin V8 successor Aston Martin Virage
Aston Martin V8 successor Aston Martin Virage Aston Martin Virage manufacturer Aston Martin
Atlas II final Flight 1998-03-16 Atlas II diameter 3.04 m
Atlas II launch Site Cape Canaveral Air Force Station Atlas II manufacturer Lockheed Martin
Audi A1 manufacturer Audi , belongs to the division of Audi e-tron.
Audi A1 manufacturer Audi Audi subsidiary Ducati
Audi A1 manufacturer Audi Audi subsidiary Quattro Gmb H
A key person at the Caterpillar Inc. is Douglas R. Oberhelman. AIDAluna power Type Caterpillar Inc.
Delta II launch Site Vandenberg Air Force Base Antares (rocket) comparable Delta II
Juha Sipilä is the leader of Finland. Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) builder Finland
General Dynamics is the parent company of General Dynamics Electric Boat. American submarine NR-1 builder General Dynamics Electric Boat
Rolls-Royce Holdings is the owner of MTU Friedrichshafen. A-Rosa Luna power Type MTU Friedrichshafen
Elizabeth II is the leader of United Kingdom. Aston Martin V8 assembly United Kingdom
Aaron S. Daggett won Purple Heart. , was born in Maine. Battle of Fredericksburg was a battle involving ,.
Erasmus University Rotterdam is Ab Klink's almaMater. The leader party at , is Christian Democratic Appeal. , was born in Netherlands.
Abdul Rahman Ya'kub has Deputy Stephen Yong Kuet Tze , was born in Kingdom of Sarawak. Abdul Taib Mahmud successor Abdul Rahman Ya'kub
Abdul Taib Mahmud resides in Sarawak. , was born in Kingdom of Sarawak. The leader party at , is Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State. Technical Institute, Kaduna is ,'s almaMater. Abdulsalami Abubakar office (worked At, worked As) Chief of the Defence Staff (Nigeria)
Abdulsalami Abubakar successor Olusegun Obasanjo Abdulsalami Abubakar military Branch Nigerian Air Force The president of , is Atiku Abubakar.
Abdulsalami Abubakar successor Olusegun Obasanjo Abdulsalami Abubakar military Branch Nigerian Army The president of , is Atiku Abubakar.
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas. Abel Caballero office (worked At, worked As) Member of the Congress of Deputies , was born in Galicia (Spain).
Abel Caballero was born in Spain. , was born in Galicia (Spain). The leader party at , is Spanish Socialist Workers' Party.
World War II was a battle involving Abner W. Sibal. Abner W. Sibal military Branch United States Army , was commanded by Joseph Stalin.
Abner W. Sibal office (worked At, worked As) Member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District The leader party at , is Republican Party (United States). , was born in Ridgewood, Queens.
Gulf War was a battle involving Adam Holloway. , was commanded by George H. W. Bush. Adam Holloway military Branch Grenadier Guards
The leader party at Adam Holloway is Conservative Party (UK). , was born in Faversham. Magdalene College, Cambridge is ,'s almaMater.
Polish–Soviet War was a battle involving Adam Koc. , was born in Congress Poland. , was commanded by Leon Trotsky.
Polish–Soviet War was a battle involving Adam Koc. , part of Russian Civil War. , was commanded by Leon Trotsky.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Greece. Adonis Georgiadis office (worked At, worked As) Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally , was born in Athens.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Greece. Adonis Georgiadis office (worked At, worked As) Minister for Health , was born in Athens.
Adonis Georgiadis in Office While Prime Minister Antonis Samaras New Democracy (Greece) colour Blue The leader party at , is New Democracy (Greece).
The nationality of Agnes Kant is Netherlands. Mark Rutte is the leader of ,. Agnes Kant office (worked At, worked As) House of Representatives (Netherlands)
The nationality of Agnes Kant is Netherlands. Mark Rutte is the leader of ,. The leader party at , is Socialist Party (Netherlands).
Agnes Kant office (worked At, worked As) Member of the House of Representatives , was born in West Germany. Radboud University Nijmegen is ,'s almaMater.
World War II was a battle involving Airey Neave. The construction of , began in 1953-06-30. Airey Neave active Years End Date 1979-03-30
World War II was a battle involving Airey Neave. The construction of , began in 1974-03-04. Airey Neave active Years End Date 1979-03-30
Albert B. White died in 1941. , was born on 1856-09-22. , died on 1941-07-03.
Albert B. White spouse Agnes Ward White , was born in Marietta, Ohio. Albert B. White successor William M. O. Dawson
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island. , died in United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in ,.
Albert Jennings Fountain died in New Mexico Territory. , was born in New York City. , was born in Staten Island.
Albert Jennings Fountain died in United States. , was born in New York. , was born in Staten Island.
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires. ,'s governing body is Buenos Aires City Legislature. Horacio Rodríguez Larreta is the leader of ,.
Alberto Teisaire profession Rear admiral Alberto Teisaire successor Isaac Rojas , was born in Mendoza, Argentina.
Alfons Gorbach died in Graz. , was born in County of Tyrol. , was born in Austria.
Alfred N. Phillips successor Albert E. Austin , was born in Connecticut. Alfred N. Phillips office (worked At, worked As) Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district
Alfred N. Phillips successor Albert E. Austin , was born in Darien, Connecticut. Alfred N. Phillips office (worked At, worked As) Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district
Allan Shivers office (worked At, worked As) Member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur) The leader party at , is Democratic Party (United States). Allan Shivers successor Wilfred R. Cousins, Jr.
Alvah Sabin active Years End Date 1857-03-03 , is from the Vermont region. Burlington, Vermont is the largest city in ,.
The leader party at Alvah Sabin is Whig Party (United States). , was born on 1793-10-23. Henry Clay is the leader of ,.
The leader party at Alvah Sabin is Whig Party (United States). Daniel Webster is the leader of ,. , was born in Georgia, Vermont.
American Civil War was commanded by Abraham Lincoln. American Civil War was a battle involving ,. , was born in United States.
American Civil War was commanded by Jefferson Davis. Battle of Fredericksburg was a battle involving ,. , part of American Civil War.
Doris Bures is the leader of Austria. , was born in County of Tyrol. , died in Austria.
Doris Bures is the leader of Austria. , was born in Tyrol (state). , died in Austria.
Doris Bures is the leader of Austria. , died in Styria. , died in Austria.
Battle of Salem Church was commanded by Robert E. Lee. , part of American Civil War. Battle of Salem Church was a battle involving ,.
The currency of Netherlands is Euro. , was born in Stellendam. The nationality of , is Netherlands.
Polish language is spoken in Poland. The nationality of , is Poland. Kashubians are an ethnic group in ,.
(19255) 1994 VK8 escape Velocity 0.0925 (kilometre Per Seconds) (19255) 1994 VK8 mass 5.6 (kilograms) (19255) 1994 VK8 apoapsis 6603633000.0 (kilometres)
(410777) 2009 FD orbital Period 39447000.0 (410777) 2009 FD periapsis 88234300000.0 (410777) 2009 FD discoverer Spacewatch
(66063) 1998 RO1 minimum Temperature -71.0 (degree Celsius) (66063) 1998 RO1 maximum Temperature 500.0 (kelvins) (66063) 1998 RO1 apoapsis 254989570.60815 (kilometres)
(66391) 1999 KW4 average Speed 37.16 (kilometre Per Seconds) , has a population density of 2.0 (gram Per Cubic Centimetres). (66391) 1999 KW4 apoapsis 162164091.8388 (kilometres)
1000 Piazzia orbital Period 488160.0 1000 Piazzia periapsis 352497000000.0 1000 Piazzia epoch 2015-06-27
1001 Gaussia epoch 2015-06-27 , was formerly called 1923 OAA907 XC. 1001 Gaussia periapsis 419113394.55312 (kilometres)
101 Helena mass 3.0 (kilograms) 101 Helena escape Velocity 0.0348 (kilometre Per Seconds) 101 Helena apoapsis 441092000.0 (kilometres)
1036 Ganymed discoverer Walter Baade The nationality of , is Germany. University of Göttingen is ,'s almaMater.
103 Hera discoverer James Craig Watson 103 Hera epoch 2011-08-27 , died in Madison, Wisconsin.
103 Hera discoverer James Craig Watson , died in Madison, Wisconsin. , died in Peritonitis.
103 Hera epoch 2011-08-27 103 Hera orbital Period 1622.213 (days) 103 Hera apoapsis 437170000.0 (kilometres)
103 Hera escape Velocity 0.0482 (kilometre Per Seconds) , can be served 170.0 (kelvins). 103 Hera apoapsis 437170000.0 (kilometres)
107 Camilla discoverer N. R. Pogson , was born in Nottingham. The nationality of , is England.
1089 Tama epoch 2005-11-26 , was formerly called A894 VA; A904 VD;. 1089 Tama orbital Period 1202.846 (days)
1089 Tama epoch 2005-11-26 1089 Tama periapsis 288749000000.0 1089 Tama apoapsis 373513000.0 (kilometres)
1097 Vicia epoch 2006-12-31 , was formerly called 1928 PC. 1097 Vicia periapsis 279142000000.0
109 Felicitas epoch 2006-12-31 109 Felicitas mass 7.5 (kilograms) 109 Felicitas orbital Period 139705000.0
109 Felicitas epoch 2006-12-31 109 Felicitas orbital Period 139705000.0 109 Felicitas apoapsis 523329000.0 (kilometres)
10 Hygiea average Speed 16.76 (kilometre Per Seconds) 10 Hygiea orbital Period 5.57 (days) 10 Hygiea apoapsis 523951582.33968 (kilometres)
10 Hygiea average Speed 16.76 (kilometre Per Seconds) 10 Hygiea surface Area 837080.744 (square Kilometres) 10 Hygiea apoapsis 523951582.33968 (kilometres)
10 Hygiea surface Area 837080.744 (square Kilometres) 10 Hygiea apoapsis 523951582.33968 (kilometres) , can be served 164.0 (kelvins).
110 Lydia epoch 2006-12-31 110 Lydia mass 6.7 (kilograms) 110 Lydia periapsis 377016000000.0
110 Lydia epoch 2006-12-31 110 Lydia periapsis 377016000000.0 110 Lydia apoapsis 440756000.0 (kilometres)
Aaron Bertram associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kids Imagine Nation Aaron Bertram associated Band/associated Musical Artist Suburban Legends , is in the genre of Pop music.
Aaron Deer is in the genre of Indie rock. Aaron Deer origin Indiana Aaron Deer origin United States
Aaron Deer origin United States , is in the genre of Psychedelia. Aaron Deer origin Indiana
Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist Twilight (band) Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist Greymachine , is in the genre of Black metal.
Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist Twilight (band) Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist Greymachine , is in the genre of Drone music.
Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist Twilight (band) Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist Mamiffer , is in the genre of Ambient music.
Aaron Turner is in the genre of Black metal. Aaron Turner instrument Electric guitar , is in the genre of Death metal.
Aaron Turner is in the genre of Black metal. Aaron Turner instrument Singing , is in the genre of Death metal.
Abradab associated Band/associated Musical Artist Magik (rapper) Abradab associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kaliber 44 , was born on 1978-11-12.
Abradab associated Band/associated Musical Artist Magik (rapper) Abradab associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kaliber 44 Abradab origin Katowice
Ace Wilder is in the genre of Hip hop music. Hip hop music stylistic Origin Funk Hip hop music stylistic Origin Disco
Agustín Barboza was born in Asunción. Juan Afara is the leader of ,. , was born in Paraguay.
Al Anderson (NRBQ band) associated Band/associated Musical Artist NRBQ Al Anderson (NRBQ band) instrument Singing , is in the genre of Rock music.
Alan Frew is in the genre of Rock music. Rock music stylistic Origin Country music , is in the genre of Bhangra (music).
Albennie Jones is in the genre of Jazz. Jazz stylistic Origin Blues , is in the genre of Afrobeat.
Albennie Jones is in the genre of Rhythm and blues. , was born in Errata, Mississippi. Rhythm and blues derivative Disco
Aleksandra Kovač associated Band/associated Musical Artist Bebi Dol Aleksandra Kovač associated Band/associated Musical Artist K2 (Kovač sisters duo) , is in the genre of Pop music.
Aleksandra Kovač associated Band/associated Musical Artist Bebi Dol Aleksandra Kovač associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kornelije Kovač , is in the genre of Pop music.
Aleksandra Kovač is in the genre of Rhythm and blues. Aleksandra Kovač associated Band/associated Musical Artist K2 (Kovač sisters duo) Aleksandra Kovač associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kristina Kovač
Alex Day is in the genre of Synthpop. Synthpop stylistic Origin Pop music Synthpop stylistic Origin Disco
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England. , was born in Manchester. , died in Sidcup.
Alfred Garth Jones died in London. , was born in England. The nationality of , is United Kingdom.
Alfred Garth Jones died in London. The nationality of , is United Kingdom. , was born in Manchester.
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup. , was born in Manchester. Labour Party (UK) is the leader of ,.
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup. , died in London. Boris Johnson is the leader of ,.
Alison O'Donnell associated Band/associated Musical Artist Flibbertigibbet Alison O'Donnell associated Band/associated Musical Artist Mellow Candle , is in the genre of Folk music of Ireland.
Alison O'Donnell associated Band/associated Musical Artist Mellow Candle Alison O'Donnell associated Band/associated Musical Artist Flibbertigibbet , is in the genre of Folk music.
Alison O'Donnell is in the genre of Jazz. Jazz derivative Funk Alison O'Donnell instrument Voice, bodhrán, percussion, autoharp
Alison O'Donnell is in the genre of Jazz. Jazz derivative Funk Alison O'Donnell record Label Static Caravan Recordings
Allen Forrest was born in Dothan, Alabama. , is in the genre of Pop music. Allen Forrest background solo singer
Allen Forrest is in the genre of Rhythm and blues. , was born in Dothan, Alabama. Allen Forrest background solo singer
Alternative rock is in the genre of Nu metal. , is in the genre of Alternative rock. Alternative rock stylistic Origin New wave music
Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Billy Iuso Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Tab Benoit Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kirk Joseph
Anders Osborne record Label Rabadash Records , is in the genre of Rock music. , is in the genre of Bhangra (music).
Andra (singer) associated Band/associated Musical Artist Puya (singer) Andra (singer) associated Band/associated Musical Artist CRBL , is in the genre of Dance-pop.
Andra (singer) is in the genre of Rhythm and blues. Andra (singer) associated Band/associated Musical Artist Andreea Bălan Andra (singer) associated Band/associated Musical Artist Marius Moga
Andra (singer) is in the genre of Rhythm and blues. Andra (singer) background solo singer Rhythm and blues derivative Disco
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Christian Burns Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Jonathan Mendelsohn , is in the genre of Trance music.
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Jonathan Mendelsohn Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Bobina , is in the genre of Trance music.
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Jwaydan Moyine , is in the genre of House music. Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Christian Burns
Andrew White (musician) associated Band/associated Musical Artist Marry Banilow Andrew White (musician) associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kaiser Chiefs Andrew White (musician) record Label Universal Records (defunct record label)
Ska punk stylistic Origin Ska Aaron Bertram associated Band/associated Musical Artist Suburban Legends , is in the genre of Ska punk.
African Americans are an ethnic group in United States. , was born in Errata, Mississippi. , was born in United States.
1955 Dodge engine V8 engine 1955 Dodge transmission 3-speed automatic , is also known as Dodge Coronet.
A-Rosa Luna ship Class Cruise ship A-Rosa Luna length 125800.0 (millimetres) A-Rosa Luna ship Ordered 2004-01-22
A-Rosa Luna ship Displacement 1850.0 (tonnes) A-Rosa Luna top Speed 24.0 A-Rosa Luna length 125800.0 (millimetres)
AIDA Cruises is located in Germany. , is operated by AIDA Cruises. Costa Crociere is the owner of ,.
AIDAstella christening Date 2013-03-16 AIDAstella ship In Service 2013-03-17 AIDAstella length 253260.0 (millimetres)
ALCO RS-3 builder American Locomotive Company ALCO RS-3 engine Four-stroke engine ALCO RS-3 length 17068.8 (millimetres)
ALCO RS-3 builder American Locomotive Company ALCO RS-3 engine V12 engine ALCO RS-3 length 17068.8 (millimetres)
ALCO RS-3 builder American Locomotive Company ALCO RS-3 length 17068.8 (millimetres) , was founded in Schenectady, New York
ALV X-1 is located in United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in ,. Americans are from ,.
ALV X-1 is located in United States. Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in ,. Washington, D.C. is the capital of ,.
ALV X-1 diameter 1.524 (metres) ALV X-1 rocket Stages 2 ALV X-1 total Launches 1
Abarth 1000 GT Coupé production End Year 1958 Abarth 1000 GT Coupé body Style Coupé Abarth 1000 GT Coupé engine Straight-four engine
Abarth 1000 GT Coupé wheelbase 2160.0 (millimetres) Abarth 1000 GT Coupé width 1.55 Abarth 1000 GT Coupé body Style Two door coupé
Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) ship Beam 21.2 Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) builder Helsinki Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) builder Arctech Helsinki Shipyard
Alfa Romeo 164 assembly Italy Rome is the capital of ,. Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Fiat Croma
Alfa Romeo 164 assembly Italy Rome is the capital of ,. Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Lancia Thema
Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Fiat Croma Alfa Romeo 164 assembly Arese Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Lancia Thema
Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Fiat Croma Alfa Romeo 164 assembly Milan Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Saab 9000
Alhambra ship Beam 8.3 m Alhambra length 63800.0 (millimetres) Alhambra ship Launch 1855-05-31
Alhambra ship Beam 8.3 m Alhambra ship Launch 1855-05-31 , has Wrecked.
Alvis Speed 25 manufacturer Alvis Car and Engineering Company , was founded in Coventry Alvis Speed 25 engine Petrol
American Motors fate Eagle (automobile) AMC Matador manufacturer American Motors A key person at the , is Roy D. Chapin, Jr..
Antares (rocket) manufacturer Yuzhnoye Design Office Antares (rocket) comparable Delta II , is located in United States.
Antares (rocket) manufacturer Yuzhnoye Design Office Antares (rocket) launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 Antares (rocket) function Medium expendable launch system
Ariane 5 manufacturer Arianespace , Guiana Space Centre Ariane 5 launch Site ELA-3
Aston Martin V8 related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin DBS Aston Martin V8 assembly Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom Aston Martin V8 engine 5.3 (litres)
Aston Martin V8 related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin DBS Aston Martin V8 engine 5.3 (litres) Aston Martin V8 assembly United Kingdom
Atlas II is located in United States. Atlas II launch Site Vandenberg Air Force Base Atlas II launch Site Cape Canaveral Air Force Station
Atlas II is located in United States. Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in ,. President of the United States leads ,.
Atlas II launch Site Cape Canaveral Air Force Station , is located in United States. Atlas II launch Site Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36
Audi A1 engine 1.2 (litres) Audi A1 assembly Audi Brussels Audi A1 body Style Hatchback
Audi A1 manufacturer Audi Audi A1 related Mean Of Transportation SEAT Ibiza Audi A1 related Mean Of Transportation Volkswagen Polo
Caterpillar Inc. was founded in California , is located in Peoria, Illinois. AIDAluna power Type Caterpillar Inc.
Caterpillar Inc. is located in Illinois. AIDA Cruises is the owner of ,. AIDAluna power Type Caterpillar Inc.
Costa Crociere is located in Genoa. , is operated by AIDA Cruises. Costa Crociere is the owner of ,.
Delta II launch Site Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2 Antares (rocket) comparable Delta II , is located in United States.
Guiana Space Centre is French Guiana. , Guiana Space Centre Ariane 5 launch Site ELA-3
Guiana Space Centre is located in Kourou, French Guiana. , Guiana Space Centre Ariane 5 launch Site ELA-3
Neptun Werft is located in Rostock. A-Rosa Luna builder Neptun Werft , is located in Germany.
Americans are from United States. , is located in United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in ,.
Aaron Hunt plays for Vf L Wolfsburg. , played youth football Goslarer SC 08. , plays for SV Werder Bremen.
Aaron Hunt plays for Vf L Wolfsburg. The manager of , is Dieter Hecking. , plays for SV Werder Bremen II.
Abel Hernández played youth football Central Español. , plays for Hull City A.F.C.. , plays for U.S. Città di Palermo.
Abel Hernández played youth football Central Español. , plays for U.S. Città di Palermo. , plays for Peñarol.
Adam Maher plays for PSV Eindhoven. , was born in Netherlands. , plays for AZ Alkmaar.
Akeem Adams plays for United Petrotrin F.C.. ,'s ground is in Palo Seco. , plays for W Connection F.C..
Akeem Ayers former Team Los Angeles Rams Akeem Ayers draft Round 2 Akeem Ayers draft Pick 39
Akeem Ayers former Team St. Louis Rams Akeem Ayers draft Round 2 Akeem Ayers draft Pick 39
Akeem Dent debut Team Atlanta Falcons , was born on 1987-09-27. , was born in Atlanta, Georgia.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra was born in Iraq. , plays for Shabab Al-Ordon Club. , plays for Iraq national under-20 football team.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC. ,'s ground is in Al Khor. , plays for Shabab Al-Ordon Club.
Alan Martin (footballer) plays for Hamilton Academical F.C.. , was born on 1989-01-01. , plays for Clyde F.C..
Alan Martin (footballer) plays for Motherwell F.C.. , plays for Accrington Stanley F.C.. ,'s ground is in Accrington.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. plays for Florida Panthers. , was born on 1995-09-02. , was born in Tampere, Finland.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. draft Team Florida Panthers , was born on 1995-09-02. , was born in Tampere, Finland.
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia. Vladimir Putin is the leader of ,. , was born in Soviet Union.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 1989-02-24. , plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar. , plays for FC Alania Vladikavkaz.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 1989-02-24. , plays for Russia national football B team. , plays for FC Tom Tomsk.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for Olympique Lyonnais. ,'s ground is in Parc Olympique Lyonnais. , plays for AZAL PFK.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for Olympique Lyonnais. ,'s ground is in Parc Olympique Lyonnais. , plays for US Lesquin.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.C. Milan. The manager of , is Siniša Mihajlović. , plays for Italy national under-16 football team.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.C. Milan. The manager of , is Siniša Mihajlović. , plays for U.C. Sampdoria.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for Italy national under-16 football team. Italy national under-16 football team coach Daniele Zoratto , plays for A.S. Roma.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for Italy national under-17 football team. , plays for U.C. Sampdoria. , was born in Italy.
Alex Plante was born in Brandon, Manitoba. The height of , is 1.9304. , plays for Anyang Halla.
The height of Alex Plante is 1.9304. , plays for Anyang Halla. , was born in Canada.
Alex Tyus play in Euroleague. , plays for Maccabi Ashdod B.C.. Maccabi Ashdod B.C. coach Zvi Sherf
Alex Tyus play in Turkish Basketball Super League. , plays for Maccabi Ashdod B.C.. Maccabi Ashdod B.C. coach Zvi Sherf
FC Spartak Moscow's ground is in Otkrytiye Arena. , plays for FC Tom Tomsk. , plays for FC Spartak Moscow.
FC Spartak Moscow's ground is in Otkrytiye Arena. , played youth football FC Spartak Moscow. , plays for FC Anzhi Makhachkala.
FC Torpedo Moscow played in the 2014–15 Russian Premier League season. , plays for FC Torpedo Moscow. The manager of , is Valery Petrakov.
The manager of Hull City A.F.C. is Steve Bruce. , plays for Hull City A.F.C.. , plays for Uruguay Olympic football team.
Sergey Sobyanin is the leader of Moscow. , died in Russia. , was born in Moscow.
The manager of Real Madrid Castilla is Luis Miguel Ramis. , plays for Brazil national under-20 football team. , plays for Real Madrid Castilla.
The manager of Real Madrid Castilla is Luis Miguel Ramis. , plays for Real Madrid Castilla. , plays for C.D. FAS.
St. Louis part of Greater St. Louis. , was born in St. Louis. Francis G. Slay is the leader of ,.
Tennessee Titans is in the city of Nashville, Tennessee. Akeem Ayers former Team New England Patriots Akeem Ayers debut Team Tennessee Titans
United Petrotrin F.C.'s ground is in Palo Seco. , plays for Trinidad and Tobago national under-20 football team. , plays for United Petrotrin F.C..
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen. The manager of , is Alexander Nouri. , plays for SV Werder Bremen II. , play in 3. Liga.
Abel Hernández plays for Peñarol. , played youth football Central Español. The manager of , is Steve Bruce. , plays for Hull City A.F.C..
Abel Hernández played youth football Peñarol. , plays for Central Español. The manager of , is Jorge Orosmán da Silva. , plays for U.S. Città di Palermo.
Abel Hernández played youth football Peñarol. The manager of , is Giuseppe Iachini. , plays for U.S. Città di Palermo. , play in Serie A.
Adam Mc Quaid was born in Prince Edward Island. , was born on 1986-10-12. Adam Mc Quaid weight 94.8024 (kilograms) , was born in 1986.
Adam Mc Quaid draft Team Columbus Blue Jackets The manager of , is Don Sweeney. , is in the city of Columbus, Ohio. , plays for Boston Bruins.
Akeem Ayers former Team St. Louis Rams , was born on 1989-07-10. Akeem Ayers debut Team Tennessee Titans , was born in 1989.
Akeem Dent was born in 1987. Akeem Dent former Team Houston Texans , was born on 1987-09-27. , was born in Atlanta, Georgia.
Akeem Dent debut Team Atlanta Falcons Akeem Dent former Team Houston Texans , was born on 1987-09-27. , was born in Atlanta, Georgia.
Al Kharaitiyat SC's ground is in Al Khor. , plays for Al-Zawra'a SC. , plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC. The manager of , is Amar Osim.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC. ,'s ground is in Al Khor. , plays for Iraq national under-23 football team. The manager of , is Amar Osim.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC. ,'s ground is in Al Khor. , plays for Shabab Al-Ordon Club. The manager of , is Amar Osim.
Alan Martin (footballer) plays for Hamilton Academical F.C.. , was born on 1989-01-01. The height of , is 185.42 (centimetres). , plays for Crewe Alexandra F.C..
Alan Martin (footballer) plays for Scotland national under-21 football team. , was born on 1989-01-01. The height of , is 185.42 (centimetres). , plays for Crewe Alexandra F.C..
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 1989-02-24. The height of , is 185.0 (centimetres). , plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar. , plays for FC Dynamo Moscow.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow. , was born on 1989-02-24. The height of , is 185.0 (centimetres). , plays for FC Rubin Kazan.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv. , was born in Batumi. The height of , is 178.0 (centimetres). , plays for FC Zestafoni.
Alex Plante was born in 1989. , plays for Anyang Halla. , was born in Canada. , was born on 1989-05-09.
Alex Plante was born in 1989. The height of , is 1.9304. , plays for Anyang Halla. , was born in Canada.
The anthem of Canada is called O Canada. Elizabeth II is the leader of ,. , was born in Canada. Inuktitut is spoken in ,.
The anthem of Canada is called O Canada. Elizabeth II is the leader of ,. Asian Canadians are an ethnic group in ,. , was born in Canada.
The anthem of Canada is called O Canada. Elizabeth II is the leader of ,. Slavey language is spoken in ,. , was born in Canada.
FC Terek Grozny's ground is in Grozny. , plays for FC Terek Grozny. The manager of , is Rashid Rakhimov. , plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar.
FC Torpedo Moscow played in the 2014–15 Russian Premier League season. , plays for FC Torpedo Moscow. The manager of , is Valery Petrakov. Aleksandr Tukmanov is the chairman of ,.
Houston Texans is in the city of Texas. Akeem Dent debut Team Atlanta Falcons Akeem Dent former Team Houston Texans , is in the city of Houston.
Peñarol play in Uruguayan Primera División. , played youth football Peñarol. The manager of , is Steve Bruce. , plays for Hull City A.F.C..
(19255) 1994 VK8 epoch 2006-12-31 (19255) 1994 VK8 orbital Period 8788850000.0 (19255) 1994 VK8 periapsis 6155910000000.0 (19255) 1994 VK8 apoapsis 6603633000.0 (kilometres)
(66063) 1998 RO1 epoch 2013-11-04 (66063) 1998 RO1 orbital Period 360.29 (days) (66063) 1998 RO1 escape Velocity 0.0999 (kilometre Per Seconds) (66063) 1998 RO1 apoapsis 254989570.60815 (kilometres)
(66063) 1998 RO1 mean Temperature 265.0 (kelvins) (66063) 1998 RO1 apoapsis 254989570.60815 (kilometres) (66063) 1998 RO1 epoch 2013-11-04 (66063) 1998 RO1 orbital Period 360.29 (days)
1000 Piazzia epoch 2015-06-27 1000 Piazzia orbital Period 488160.0 1000 Piazzia periapsis 352497000000.0 1000 Piazzia escape Velocity 0.0252 (kilometre Per Seconds)
1001 Gaussia discoverer Sergey Belyavsky 1001 Gaussia epoch 2015-06-27 , was formerly called 1923 OAA907 XC. 1001 Gaussia periapsis 419113394.55312 (kilometres)
1036 Ganymed discoverer Walter Baade , was born in German Empire. University of Göttingen is ,'s almaMater. , is the doctoral advisor for Allan Sandage.
1036 Ganymed discoverer Walter Baade , is the doctoral advisor for Halton Arp. , was born in Preußisch Oldendorf. University of Göttingen is ,'s almaMater.
1036 Ganymed discoverer Walter Baade , is the doctoral advisor for Halton Arp. , died in West Germany. University of Göttingen is ,'s almaMater.
103 Hera discoverer James Craig Watson University of Michigan is ,'s almaMater. , died in Madison, Wisconsin. , died in Peritonitis.
103 Hera discoverer James Craig Watson The nationality of , is Canada. , died in Madison, Wisconsin. 103 Hera apoapsis 437170000.0 (kilometres)
103 Hera discoverer James Craig Watson The nationality of , is Canada. , died in Madison, Wisconsin. , died in Peritonitis.
107 Camilla discoverer N. R. Pogson , died in Chennai. 107 Camilla periapsis 479343000.0 (kilometres) , was born in Nottingham.
107 Camilla discoverer N. R. Pogson , died in Chennai. , was born in Nottingham. 107 Camilla discovered 2001-03-01
1089 Tama epoch 2005-11-26 , was formerly called A894 VA; A904 VD;. 1089 Tama orbital Period 1202.846 (days) 1089 Tama periapsis 288749000000.0
1089 Tama escape Velocity 0.0068 (kilometre Per Seconds) 1089 Tama orbital Period 1202.846 (days) 1089 Tama epoch 2005-11-26 1089 Tama apoapsis 373513000.0 (kilometres)
1097 Vicia epoch 2006-12-31 1097 Vicia mass 9.8 (kilograms) 1097 Vicia orbital Period 135589000.0 1097 Vicia apoapsis 511592000.0 (kilometres)
109 Felicitas epoch 2006-12-31 109 Felicitas orbital Period 139705000.0 109 Felicitas periapsis 283326000000.0 109 Felicitas escape Velocity 0.0473 (kilometre Per Seconds)
10 Hygiea epoch 2015-06-27 , was formerly called A900 GA. 10 Hygiea orbital Period 5.57 (days) 10 Hygiea periapsis 416136000000.0
1101 Clematis epoch 2006-12-31 1101 Clematis escape Velocity 0.02 (kilometre Per Seconds) 1101 Clematis orbital Period 183309000.0 1101 Clematis apoapsis 520906000.0 (kilometres)
1101 Clematis epoch 2006-12-31 , was formerly called 1928 SJ. 1101 Clematis orbital Period 183309000.0 1101 Clematis periapsis 445895000000.0
1101 Clematis escape Velocity 0.02 (kilometre Per Seconds) 1101 Clematis orbital Period 183309000.0 1101 Clematis periapsis 445895000000.0 1101 Clematis epoch 2006-12-31
1955 Dodge engine V8 engine 1955 Dodge manufacturer Dodge 1955 Dodge transmission 3-speed automatic 1955 Dodge wheelbase 120.0 (inches)
1955 Dodge related Mean Of Transportation De Soto Custom De Soto Custom related Mean Of Transportation Chrysler Newport De Soto Custom successor De Soto Firedome De Soto Custom manufacturer De Soto (automobile)
AIDA Cruises is located in Rostock. , is operated by AIDA Cruises. AIDAstella builder Meyer Werft Costa Crociere is the owner of ,.
AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises. AIDAstella length 253260.0 (millimetres) AIDAstella builder Meyer Werft Costa Crociere is the owner of ,.
ALCO RS-3 builder American Locomotive Company The construction of , began in May 1950 - August 1956. ALCO RS-3 engine V12 engine ALCO RS-3 power Type Diesel-electric transmission
ALCO RS-3 builder American Locomotive Company ALCO RS-3 length 17068.8 (millimetres) ALCO RS-3 engine V12 engine The construction of , began in May 1950 - August 1956.
ALCO RS-3 builder American Locomotive Company ALCO RS-3 length 17068.8 (millimetres) , is located in United States. , was founded in Schenectady, New York
ALCO RS-3 builder Montreal Locomotive Works The construction of , began in May 1950 - August 1956. ALCO RS-3 engine V12 engine ALCO RS-3 power Type Diesel-electric transmission
ALCO RS-3 builder Montreal Locomotive Works ALCO RS-3 cylinder Count 12 The construction of , began in May 1950 - August 1956. ALCO RS-3 engine Four-stroke engine
AMC Matador is also known as American Motors Matador. AMC Matador assembly Mexico City AMC Matador body Style Station wagon AMC Matador engine AMC V8 engine
AMC Matador is also known as VAM Classic. AMC Matador assembly Kenosha, Wisconsin , class is Mid-size car. AMC Matador engine AMC straight-6 engine
Acura TLX assembly Marysville, Ohio , class is Mid-size car. Acura TLX layout front-wheel drive / all-wheel drive Acura TLX engine Honda K engine
Acura TLX assembly Marysville Auto Plant Acura TLX engine V6 engine Acura TLX layout Front-engine design , class is Luxury vehicle.
Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) builder Finland Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) ship Beam 21.2 , has In service. Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) builder Arctech Helsinki Shipyard
Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) builder Finland Finns are from ,. Juha Sipilä is the leader of ,. Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) builder Helsinki
Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) ship Beam 21.2 , has In service. Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) builder Helsinki Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) builder Arctech Helsinki Shipyard
Alfa Romeo 164 assembly Italy Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Saab 9000 Alfa Romeo 164 engine Straight-four engine Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Lancia Thema
Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Fiat Croma Alfa Romeo 164 assembly Italy Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Saab 9000 Alfa Romeo 164 engine V6 engine
Alhambra ship Beam 8.3 m Alhambra length 63800.0 (millimetres) Alhambra ship Launch 1855-05-31 , has Wrecked.
Alvis Speed 25 manufacturer Alvis Car and Engineering Company , was founded in Coventry Alvis Speed 25 engine Petrol Alvis Car and Engineering Company successor Rover Company
Alvis Speed 25 manufacturer Alvis Car and Engineering Company , was founded in Coventry Alvis Speed 25 engine Straight-six engine Alvis Car and Engineering Company successor Rover Company
American Motors successor Eagle (automobile) AMC Matador manufacturer American Motors American Motors fate Chrysler A key person at the , is Roy D. Chapin, Jr..
American submarine NR-1 ship Beam 3.8 m American submarine NR-1 ship Launch 1969-01-25 American submarine NR-1 top Speed 8.334 American submarine NR-1 builder General Dynamics Electric Boat
American submarine NR-1 ship Launch 1969-01-25 American submarine NR-1 top Speed 8.334 American submarine NR-1 length 45000.0 (millimetres) American submarine NR-1 ship Beam 3.8 m
Antares (rocket) manufacturer Yuzhnoye Design Office Antares (rocket) final Flight 2014-10-28 Antares (rocket) maiden Flight 2013-04-21 Antares (rocket) launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0
Antares (rocket) manufacturer Yuzhnoye Design Office Antares (rocket) maiden Flight 2013-04-21 Antares (rocket) launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 Antares (rocket) final Flight 2013-09-18
Aston Martin V8 assembly United Kingdom London is the capital of ,. Aston Martin V8 successor Aston Martin Virage Aston Martin Virage manufacturer Aston Martin
Aston Martin V8 related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin DBS Aston Martin V8 engine 5.3 (litres) Aston Martin V8 assembly United Kingdom Aston Martin V8 related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin RHAM/1
Aston Martin V8 related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin DBS Aston Martin V8 engine 5.3 (litres) Aston Martin V8 successor Aston Martin Virage Aston Martin Virage manufacturer Aston Martin
Atlas II diameter 3.04 m Atlas II final Flight 2002-12-05 Atlas II launch Site Vandenberg Air Force Base Atlas II launch Site Cape Canaveral Air Force Station
Audi A1 class is Supermini. Audi A1 engine 1.2 (litres) Audi A1 layout Front-engine, front-wheel-drive layout Audi A1 assembly Audi Brussels
Audi A1 manufacturer Audi , was founded August Horch Baron Reith. , belongs to the division of Audi e-tron. Audi subsidiary Ducati
Caterpillar Inc. is located in Illinois. , was founded in California AIDA Cruises is the owner of ,. AIDAluna power Type Caterpillar Inc.
Costa Crociere is located in Genoa. , is operated by AIDA Cruises. AIDAstella builder Meyer Werft Costa Crociere is the owner of ,.
Delta II launch Site Cape Canaveral Air Force Station Antares (rocket) comparable Delta II , is located in United States. Antares (rocket) launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0
Delta II launch Site Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2 Delta II launch Site Cape Canaveral Air Force Station Antares (rocket) comparable Delta II , is located in United States.
Fiat Croma related Mean Of Transportation Opel Vectra Alfa Romeo 164 assembly Italy Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Fiat Croma Alfa Romeo 164 body Style Sedan (automobile)
Fiat Croma related Mean Of Transportation Opel Vectra Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Fiat Croma Alfa Romeo 164 assembly Milan Alfa Romeo 164 body Style Sedan (automobile)
General Dynamics is the parent company of General Dynamics Electric Boat. American submarine NR-1 ship Beam 3.8 m American submarine NR-1 builder General Dynamics Electric Boat , is located in Groton, Connecticut.
Stanislaw Tillich is the leader of Germany. , is located in Rostock. , is located in Germany. A-Rosa Luna builder Neptun Werft
Washington, D.C. is the capital of United States. English language is spoken in ,. , is located in United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in ,.
Americans are from United States. Washington, D.C. is the capital of ,. , is located in United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in ,.
Aaron Bertram associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kids Imagine Nation Aaron Bertram associated Band/associated Musical Artist Suburban Legends Suburban Legends band Member Brian Robertson (trombonist) , is in the genre of Ska punk.
Aaron Deer background solo singer , is in the genre of Psychedelia. Aaron Deer origin Indianapolis Aaron Deer origin Indiana
Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist Isis (band) Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist Sumac (band) , is in the genre of Electroacoustic music. Aaron Turner instrument Singing
Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist Twilight (band) Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist Old Man Gloom , is in the genre of Post-metal. , were invented in 1995.
Aaron Turner is in the genre of Black metal. Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist Sumac (band) Aaron Turner instrument Electric guitar , is in the genre of Death metal.
Ace Wilder background solo singer , was born in 1982. , was born in Stockholm. , was born on 1982-07-23.
Ace Wilder background solo singer , was born in 1982. , was born in Sweden. , was born on 1982-07-23.
Ace Wilder background solo singer , was born in 1982. , was Songwriter. , was born in Stockholm.
Ace Wilder background solo singer , was born in 1982. , was Songwriter. , was born in Sweden.
Ahmet Ertegun is in the genre of Rhythm and blues. Ahmet Ertegun origin Washington, D.C. Ahmet Ertegun background non performing personnel Ahmet Ertegun origin United States
Ahmet Ertegun is in the genre of Rock and roll. Ahmet Ertegun origin United States Rock and roll stylistic Origin Blues African Americans are an ethnic group in ,.
Albennie Jones were invented in 1950. , is in the genre of Rhythm and blues. Rhythm and blues stylistic Origin Blues Rhythm and blues derivative Disco
Albennie Jones is in the genre of Jazz. Jazz stylistic Origin Blues African Americans are an ethnic group in ,. , was born in United States.
Aleksandra Kovač was born in 1972. , is in the genre of Pop music. , was born in Belgrade. Aleksandra Kovač background solo singer
Aleksandra Kovač is in the genre of Rhythm and blues. Aleksandra Kovač background solo singer , was born in 1972. , was born in Socialist Republic of Serbia.
Alex Day associated Band/associated Musical Artist Chameleon Circuit (band) , is in the genre of Acoustic music. Alex Day associated Band/associated Musical Artist Charlie Mc Donnell , were invented in 2006.
Alex Day associated Band/associated Musical Artist Chameleon Circuit (band) , is in the genre of Electronic music. Alex Day associated Band/associated Musical Artist Charlie Mc Donnell , were invented in 2006.
Alfred Garth Jones died in London. , was born in England. , was born in Manchester. , was born in 1872.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo. , is located in Uruguay. Uruguayans are from ,. Daniel Martínez (politician) is the leader of ,.
Alfredo Zitarrosa record Label RCA Records , was born in Uruguay. , is in the genre of Candombe. Alfredo Zitarrosa background solo singer
Alison O'Donnell associated Band/associated Musical Artist Bajik Alison O'Donnell associated Band/associated Musical Artist Flibbertigibbet , is in the genre of Folk music. , were invented in 1963.
Alison O'Donnell associated Band/associated Musical Artist Mellow Candle Alison O'Donnell associated Band/associated Musical Artist Head South By Weaving , is in the genre of Folk music. , were invented in 1963.
Alison O'Donnell is in the genre of Jazz. Alison O'Donnell record Label Deram Records , is located in London. Alison O'Donnell record Label Floating World Records
Alison O'Donnell is in the genre of Jazz. Alison O'Donnell record Label Deram Records , is located in London. Alison O'Donnell record Label Fruits de Mer Records
Allen Forrest was born in 1981. , is in the genre of Acoustic music. , was born in Fort Campbell. Allen Forrest background solo singer
Allen Forrest is in the genre of Hip hop music. , was born in 1981. , was born in Fort Campbell, KY, raised in Dothan, AL. Allen Forrest background solo singer
Alternative rock is in the genre of Nu metal. Alternative rock stylistic Origin Punk rock Andrew White (musician) associated Band/associated Musical Artist Marry Banilow , is in the genre of Alternative rock.
Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Billy Iuso Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Tab Benoit , is in the genre of Rock music. Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Galactic
Anders Osborne record Label Alligator Records , is in the genre of Blues. , is located in Chicago. Anders Osborne record Label Shanachie Records
Andra (singer) is in the genre of Dance-pop. , was Singing. , was born in Romania. Andra (singer) background solo singer
Andra (singer) is in the genre of Rhythm and blues. Rhythm and blues derivative Funk Rhythm and blues stylistic Origin Blues Rhythm and blues derivative Disco
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Christian Burns Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Jonathan Mendelsohn , is in the genre of Trance music. , were invented in 2009.
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Jwaydan Moyine Trance music stylistic Origin House music Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Christian Burns , is in the genre of Trance music.
Andrew White (musician) associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kaiser Chiefs Andrew White (musician) associated Band/associated Musical Artist Marry Banilow , is in the genre of Alternative rock. , were invented in 2003.
Andrew White (musician) associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kaiser Chiefs Andrew White (musician) associated Band/associated Musical Artist Marry Banilow Andrew White (musician) record Label Universal Records (defunct record label) , were invented in 2003.
Asunción part of Gran Asunción. , died in Asunción. Juan Afara is the leader of ,. , died in Paraguay.
Country music instrument Banjo Al Anderson (NRBQ band) associated Band/associated Musical Artist NRBQ Al Anderson (NRBQ band) associated Band/associated Musical Artist The Wildweeds , is in the genre of Country music.
Hip hop music stylistic Origin Disco , is in the genre of Hip hop music. Hip hop music stylistic Origin Funk Hip hop music derivative Drum and bass
Manchester part of Greater Manchester. , was born in England. , was born in Manchester. Labour Party (UK) is the leader of ,.
Post-metal instrument Cello Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist Twilight (band) Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist House of Low Culture , is in the genre of Post-metal.
Twilight (band) is in the genre of Black metal. Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist Twilight (band) Aaron Turner instrument Electric guitar , is in the genre of Death metal.
African Americans are an ethnic group in United States. , is in the genre of Rhythm and blues. Rhythm and blues stylistic Origin Blues , was born in United States.
American Civil War was a battle involving Aaron S. Daggett. , won Purple Heart. , died in West Roxbury. , was born in Maine.
Battle of the Wilderness was a battle involving Aaron S. Daggett. , won Purple Heart. , died in West Roxbury. , was born in Maine.
Erasmus University Rotterdam is Ab Klink's almaMater. , is affiliated with Association of MBAs. Ab Klink office (worked At, worked As) Ministry of Health, Welfare and Sport (Netherlands) , was born in Netherlands.
The leader party at Abdul Taib Mahmud is Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. , is from the Asajaya region. , resides in Kuching. , was born in Miri, Malaysia.
Abdul Taib Mahmud resides in Sarawak. The leader party at , is Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. , is from the Asajaya region. , was born in Kingdom of Sarawak.
Abdul Taib Mahmud successor Adenan Satem , was born in Japanese occupation of British Borneo. , resides in Sarawak. The leader party at , is Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak.
Abdul Taib Mahmud successor Adenan Satem , was born in Japanese occupation of British Borneo. , resides in Sarawak. The leader party at , is Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu.
The president of Abdulsalami Abubakar is Mike Akhigbe. Abdulsalami Abubakar military Branch Nigerian Army Mike Akhigbe predecessor Oladipo Diya Mike Akhigbe successor Atiku Abubakar
The president of Abdulsalami Abubakar is Mike Akhigbe. Mike Akhigbe predecessor Oladipo Diya Abdulsalami Abubakar successor Al-Amin Daggash Abdulsalami Abubakar military Branch Nigerian Air Force
Abel Caballero in Office While Monarch Juan Carlos I of Spain Juan Carlos I of Spain predecessor Francisco Franco Abel Caballero in Office While Prime Minister Felipe González , was born in Galicia (Spain).
Abel Caballero office (worked At, worked As) Minister of Transport , was born in Galicia (Spain). , was born in Spain. The leader party at , is Spanish Socialist Workers' Party.
Abraham A. Ribicoff spouse Casey Ribicoff Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in ,. , was born in New Britain, Connecticut. The nationality of , is United States.
Gulf War was a battle involving Adam Holloway. , was born in Kent. The construction of , began in 2005-05-05. Magdalene College, Cambridge is ,'s almaMater.
Polish–Soviet War was a battle involving Adam Koc. Polish language is spoken in ,. , was commanded by Joseph Stalin. The nationality of , is Poland.
Polish–Soviet War was a battle involving Adam Koc. , part of Russian Civil War. , died in New York City. , was commanded by Joseph Stalin.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens. , was born in Greece. Adonis Georgiadis office (worked At, worked As) Vice-President of New Democracy Adonis Georgiadis successor Makis Voridis
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens. , was born in Greece. Adonis Georgiadis office (worked At, worked As) Ministry of Economy, Development and Tourism (Greece) Adonis Georgiadis successor Makis Voridis
Adonis Georgiadis office (worked At, worked As) Member of the Hellenic Parliament , was born in Athens. , was born in Greece. Adonis Georgiadis successor Makis Voridis
The nationality of Agnes Kant is Netherlands. The currency of , is Euro. The leader party at , is Socialist Party (Netherlands). Emile Roemer is the leader of ,.
The nationality of Agnes Kant is Netherlands. Mark Rutte is the leader of ,. Agnes Kant office (worked At, worked As) House of Representatives (Netherlands) The leader party at , is Socialist Party (Netherlands).
The nationality of Agnes Kant is Netherlands. Mark Rutte is the leader of ,. The leader party at , is Socialist Party (Netherlands). Emile Roemer is the leader of ,.
The nationality of Agnes Kant is Netherlands. Socialist Party (Netherlands) colour Red Emile Roemer is the leader of ,. The leader party at , is Socialist Party (Netherlands).
Battle of France was a battle involving Airey Neave. , was born in Knightsbridge, London. The construction of , began in 1953-06-30. Airey Neave active Years End Date 1979-03-30
Battle of France was a battle involving Airey Neave. , was born in Knightsbridge, London. The construction of , began in 1974-03-04. Airey Neave active Years End Date 1979-03-30
Airey Neave unit Royal Artillery Royal Artillery garrison Hohne World War II was a battle involving ,. , was commanded by Chiang Kai-shek.
Albert B. White was born in Cleveland. , died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. Albert B. White successor William M. O. Dawson , was born in Bloomington, Maryland.
Albert B. White successor William M. O. Dawson , was born in Cleveland. Albert B. White active Years End Date 1905-03-04 The construction of , began in 1901-03-04.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York. French language is spoken in ,. , was commanded by Abraham Lincoln. American Civil War was a battle involving ,.
Albert Jennings Fountain died in Doña Ana County, New Mexico. , was born in New York City. American Civil War was a battle involving ,. , was commanded by Jefferson Davis.
Albert Jennings Fountain died in New Mexico Territory. , died in United States. , was born in New York. , was born in Staten Island.
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires. Horacio Rodríguez Larreta is the leader of ,. The leader party at , is Justicialist Party. Alberto Teisaire in Office While President Juan Perón
Alberto Teisaire office (worked At, worked As) Provisional President of the Argentine Senate Alberto Teisaire profession Rear admiral Alberto Teisaire successor Isaac Rojas , was born in Mendoza, Argentina.
Alfred Moore Scales successor Daniel Gould Fowle Alfred Moore Scales office (worked At, worked As) Governor of North Carolina The leader party at , is Democratic Party (United States). , was born in Reidsville, North Carolina.
Alfred N. Phillips military Branch United States Army Whiskey Rebellion was a battle involving ,. , was born in Connecticut. Alfred N. Phillips office (worked At, worked As) Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district
The leader party at Alfred N. Phillips is Democratic Party (United States). Alfred N. Phillips successor Albert E. Austin , was born in Connecticut. Alfred N. Phillips office (worked At, worked As) Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district
The leader party at Alfred N. Phillips is Democratic Party (United States). Alfred N. Phillips successor Albert E. Austin , was born in Darien, Connecticut. Alfred N. Phillips office (worked At, worked As) Mayor of Stamford, Connecticut
The leader party at Allan Shivers is Democratic Party (United States). Allan Shivers successor Price Daniel , was born in Lufkin, Texas. Allan Shivers office (worked At, worked As) Governor of Texas
The leader party at Allan Shivers is Democratic Party (United States). Allan Shivers successor Wilfred R. Cousins, Jr. , was born in Lufkin, Texas. Allan Shivers office (worked At, worked As) Governor of Texas
Alvah Sabin office (worked At, worked As) Secretary of State of Vermont , is from the Vermont's 3rd congressional district region. Burlington, Vermont is the largest city in ,. , is in Vermont.
The leader party at Alvah Sabin is Whig Party (United States). Daniel Webster is the leader of ,. , is from the Vermont region. Burlington, Vermont is the largest city in ,.
Battle of Gettysburg part of American Civil War. , was commanded by Robert E. Lee. Battle of Gettysburg was a battle involving ,. , won Purple Heart.
The leader party at Juan Perón is Labour Party (Argentina). The nationality of , is Argentina. Spanish language is spoken in ,. Alberto Teisaire in Office While President Juan Perón
The leader party at Juan Perón is Labour Party (Argentina). Alberto Teisaire successor Isaac Rojas , was born in Mendoza, Argentina. Alberto Teisaire in Office While President Juan Perón
AIDA Cruises is located in Germany. Carnival Corporation & plc is the parent company of ,. , is operated by AIDA Cruises. AIDAstella builder Meyer Werft Costa Crociere is the owner of ,.
AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises. AIDAstella ship Beam 32.2 AIDAstella top Speed 38.892 AIDAstella builder Meyer Werft AIDAstella length 253260.0 (millimetres)
ALCO RS-3 builder American Locomotive Company ALCO RS-3 length 17068.8 (millimetres) ALCO RS-3 cylinder Count 12 The construction of , began in May 1950 - August 1956. ALCO RS-3 engine Four-stroke engine
ALCO RS-3 builder American Locomotive Company ALCO RS-3 length 17068.8 (millimetres) ALCO RS-3 cylinder Count 12 ALCO RS-3 engine V12 engine The construction of , began in May 1950 - August 1956.
ALV X-1 is located in United States. Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in ,. Americans are from ,. Washington, D.C. is the capital of ,. The anthem of , is called The Star-Spangled Banner.
AMC Matador is also known as American Motors Matador. AMC Matador assembly Thames, New Zealand AMC Matador body Style Station wagon , class is Mid-size car. AMC Matador engine AMC V8 engine
P&O (company) is the owner of Alhambra. , is located in London. Alhambra ship Beam 8.3 m Alhambra power Type Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes Alhambra builder Samuda Brothers
American Motors successor Eagle (automobile) American Motors subsidiary Wheel Horse AMC Matador manufacturer American Motors American Motors fate Chrysler A key person at the , is Roy D. Chapin, Jr..
American submarine NR-1 ship Launch 1969-01-25 American submarine NR-1 top Speed 8.334 American submarine NR-1 ship Draft 4.6 m American submarine NR-1 length 45000.0 (millimetres) American submarine NR-1 ship Beam 3.8 m
Antares (rocket) launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Antares (rocket) comparable Delta II , is located in United States. Antares (rocket) launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 associated Rocket Minotaur IV
Antares (rocket) manufacturer Yuzhnoye Design Office Antares (rocket) final Flight 2014-07-13 Antares (rocket) maiden Flight 2014-10-28 Antares (rocket) launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 Antares (rocket) diameter 3.9 (metres)
Antares (rocket) manufacturer Yuzhnoye Design Office Antares (rocket) maiden Flight 2014-10-28 Antares (rocket) launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 Antares (rocket) diameter 3.9 (metres) Antares (rocket) final Flight 2013-09-18
Ariane 5 final Flight 2009-12-18 Ariane 5 maiden Flight 2005-08-11 Ariane 5 manufacturer Airbus Defence and Space Ariane 5 launch Site Guiana Space Centre Ariane 5 diameter 5.4 (metres)
Arianespace is located in Courcouronnes. , is French Guiana. , Guiana Space Centre Ariane 5 launch Site ELA-3 , is operated by Arianespace.
Aston Martin V8 related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin DBS Aston Martin DBS successor Aston Martin Vantage Aston Martin V8 assembly Newport Pagnell Aston Martin V8 engine 5.3 (litres) Aston Martin V8 manufacturer Aston Martin
Aston Martin V8 related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin DBS Aston Martin V8 body Style Coupé Aston Martin V8 engine 5.3 (litres) Aston Martin V8 related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin RHAM/1 Aston Martin V8 assembly Newport Pagnell
Aston Martin V8 related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin DBS Elizabeth II is the leader of ,. Aston Martin V8 assembly United Kingdom Aston Martin V8 successor Aston Martin Virage Aston Martin Virage manufacturer Aston Martin
Audi A1 engine 1.2 (litres) Audi A1 layout Front-engine, front-wheel-drive layout Audi A1 assembly Brussels, Belgium , class is Supermini. Audi A1 body Style Hatchback
Audi A1 manufacturer Audi , was founded August Horch Baron Reith. Audi subsidiary Ducati , belongs to the division of Audi e-tron. Audi subsidiary Lamborghini
Caterpillar Inc. was founded in California , was founded in United States , is located in Peoria, Illinois. AIDA Cruises is the owner of ,. AIDAluna power Type Caterpillar Inc.
A key person at the Caterpillar Inc. is Douglas R. Oberhelman. , was founded in United States , is located in Rostock. AIDA Cruises is the owner of ,. AIDAluna power Type Caterpillar Inc.
A key person at the Caterpillar Inc. is Douglas R. Oberhelman. , was founded in United States , is located in Peoria, Illinois. AIDA Cruises is the owner of ,. AIDAluna power Type Caterpillar Inc.
Costa Crociere is located in Genoa. Carnival Corporation & plc is the parent company of ,. , is operated by AIDA Cruises. AIDAstella builder Meyer Werft Costa Crociere is the owner of ,.
Finns are from Finland. Sami languages is spoken in ,. Juha Sipilä is the leader of ,. Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) builder Finland Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) builder Arctech Helsinki Shipyard
Berlin is the capital of Germany. , is located in Rostock. Joachim Gauck is the leader of ,. , is located in Germany. A-Rosa Luna builder Neptun Werft
Andreas Voßkuhle is the leader of Germany. Berlin is the capital of ,. , is located in Rostock. , is located in Germany. A-Rosa Luna builder Neptun Werft
Americans are from United States. Washington, D.C. is the capital of ,. English language is spoken in ,. , is located in United States. Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in ,.
Abel Hernández played youth football Peñarol. , play in Uruguayan Segunda División. , plays for Central Español. The manager of , is Jorge Orosmán da Silva. , plays for U.S. Città di Palermo.
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia. Valentina Matviyenko is the leader of ,. , plays for FC Torpedo Moscow. , plays for Soviet Union national football team. The manager of , is Valery Petrakov.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv. The manager of , is Oleh Luzhny. Jean-Michel Aulas is the chairman of ,. , plays for Olympique Lyonnais. ,'s ground is in Parc Olympique Lyonnais.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.C. Milan. , play in Serie A. The manager of , is Siniša Mihajlović. Alessio Romagnoli position Defender (football) , plays for U.C. Sampdoria.
Alessio Romagnoli currentclub A.C. Milan The manager of , is Siniša Mihajlović. Silvio Berlusconi is the chairman of ,. , plays for Italy national under-17 football team. , plays for U.C. Sampdoria.
Central Español play in Uruguayan Segunda División. , played youth football Central Español. The manager of , is Giuseppe Iachini. , plays for Uruguay national football team. , plays for U.S. Città di Palermo.
Sergey Rodionov is the chairman of FC Spartak Moscow. ,'s ground is in Otkrytiye Arena. , plays for FC Spartak Moscow. , plays for FC Amkar Perm. The manager of , is Gadzhi Gadzhiyev.
Sergey Rodionov is the chairman of FC Spartak Moscow. ,'s ground is in Grozny. , plays for FC Spartak Moscow. , plays for FC Terek Grozny. The manager of , is Rashid Rakhimov.
FC Terek Grozny's ground is in Grozny. , played youth football FC Spartak Moscow. , plays for FC Terek Grozny. The manager of , is Rashid Rakhimov. , plays for FC Dynamo Moscow.
FC Torpedo Moscow played in the 2014–15 Russian Premier League season. , was born in Soviet Union. , plays for FC Torpedo Moscow. , plays for Soviet Union national football team. The manager of , is Valery Petrakov.
The manager of Ferencvárosi TC is Thomas Doll. ,'s ground is in Palo Seco. , plays for Ferencvárosi TC. Gábor Kubatov is the chairman of ,. , plays for United Petrotrin F.C..
The manager of Ferencvárosi TC is Thomas Doll. ,'s ground is in Palo Seco Velodrome. , plays for Ferencvárosi TC. Gábor Kubatov is the chairman of ,. , plays for United Petrotrin F.C..
(19255) 1994 VK8 epoch 2006-12-31 (19255) 1994 VK8 mass 5.6 (kilograms) (19255) 1994 VK8 orbital Period 8788850000.0 (19255) 1994 VK8 periapsis 6155910000000.0 (19255) 1994 VK8 apoapsis 6603633000.0 (kilometres)
101 Helena discoverer James Craig Watson University of Michigan is ,'s almaMater. 101 Helena discovered 1868-08-15 The nationality of , is Canada. , died in Madison, Wisconsin.
101 Helena discoverer James Craig Watson University of Michigan is ,'s almaMater. James Craig Watson state Of Origin Canada , died in Madison, Wisconsin. , died in Peritonitis.
1036 Ganymed discoverer Walter Baade , died in Göttingen. , was born in German Empire. University of Göttingen is ,'s almaMater. , is the doctoral advisor for Allan Sandage.
1036 Ganymed discoverer Walter Baade , is the doctoral advisor for Halton Arp. , is the doctoral advisor for Allan Sandage. , was born in German Empire. University of Göttingen is ,'s almaMater.
1036 Ganymed discoverer Walter Baade The nationality of , is Germany. , was born in German Empire. University of Göttingen is ,'s almaMater. , is the doctoral advisor for Allan Sandage.
103 Hera discoverer James Craig Watson University of Michigan is ,'s almaMater. 103 Hera discovered 1868-09-07 The nationality of , is Canada. , died in Madison, Wisconsin.
103 Hera discoverer James Craig Watson University of Michigan is ,'s almaMater. 103 Hera periapsis 371240000.0 (kilometres) The nationality of , is Canada. , died in Madison, Wisconsin.
107 Camilla discoverer B. Zellner 107 Camilla orbital Period 2368.05 (days) 107 Camilla periapsis 479343000.0 (kilometres) 107 Camilla epoch 2006-12-31 107 Camilla apoapsis 560937000.0 (kilometres)
107 Camilla discoverer C. Woods 107 Camilla orbital Period 2368.05 (days) 107 Camilla periapsis 479343000.0 (kilometres) 107 Camilla epoch 2006-12-31 107 Camilla apoapsis 560937000.0 (kilometres)
107 Camilla discoverer F. Vilas 107 Camilla epoch 2006-12-31 107 Camilla orbital Period 2368.05 (days) 107 Camilla periapsis 479343000.0 (kilometres) 107 Camilla apoapsis 560937000.0 (kilometres)
107 Camilla discoverer N. R. Pogson , died in Chennai. 107 Camilla absolute Magnitude 7.08 , was born in Nottingham. The nationality of , is England.
1089 Tama epoch 2005-11-26 1089 Tama escape Velocity 0.0068 (kilometre Per Seconds) , was formerly called A919 HA; 1927 WB;. 1089 Tama orbital Period 1202.846 (days) 1089 Tama apoapsis 373513000.0 (kilometres)
1101 Clematis epoch 2006-12-31 1101 Clematis escape Velocity 0.02 (kilometre Per Seconds) 1101 Clematis mass 5.7 (kilograms) 1101 Clematis orbital Period 183309000.0 1101 Clematis apoapsis 520906000.0 (kilometres)
11264 Claudiomaccone epoch 2005-11-26 11264 Claudiomaccone orbital Period 1513.722 (days) 11264 Claudiomaccone periapsis 296521000.0 (kilometres) 11264 Claudiomaccone apoapsis 475426000.0 (kilometres) , can be served 173.0 (kelvins).
The leader party at Abdul Taib Mahmud is Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. , is from the Asajaya region. , resides in Kuching. , was born in Miri, Malaysia. , was born on 1936-05-21.
Abdul Taib Mahmud successor Adenan Satem The leader party at , is Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. , was born in Kingdom of Sarawak. , resides in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching, Sarawak. University of Adelaide is ,'s almaMater.
The president of Abdulsalami Abubakar is Mike Akhigbe. Abdulsalami Abubakar active Years End Date 1999-05-29 Mike Akhigbe predecessor Oladipo Diya Mike Akhigbe military Branch Nigerian Navy Mike Akhigbe successor Atiku Abubakar
Abdulsalami Abubakar successor Olusegun Obasanjo The president of , is Mike Akhigbe. Abdulsalami Abubakar active Years End Date 1999-05-29 Abdulsalami Abubakar military Branch Nigerian Army Mike Akhigbe predecessor Oladipo Diya
Abraham A. Ribicoff died in United States. The leader party at , is Democratic Party (United States). , was born in Connecticut. The nationality of , is United States. Abraham A. Ribicoff office (worked At, worked As) Governor of Connecticut
Abraham A. Ribicoff office (worked At, worked As) United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare The leader party at , is Democratic Party (United States). , died in New York City. , was born in Connecticut. The nationality of , is United States.
Abraham A. Ribicoff spouse Casey Ribicoff Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in ,. , was born in Connecticut. The nationality of , is United States. , died in New York.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent. Adam Holloway office (worked At, worked As) Member of Parliament for Gravesham The construction of , began in 2005-05-05. Adam Holloway military Branch Grenadier Guards Magdalene College, Cambridge is ,'s almaMater.
The leader party at Adam Holloway is Conservative Party (UK). , was born in Faversham, Kent, England. The construction of , began in 2005-05-05. Adam Holloway military Branch Grenadier Guards Magdalene College, Cambridge is ,'s almaMater.
Adonis Georgiadis in Office While Prime Minister Antonis Samaras Antonis Samaras in Office While Prime Minister Konstantinos Mitsotakis , was born in Greece. , was born in Athens. Adonis Georgiadis successor Makis Voridis
The nationality of Agnes Kant is Netherlands. Mark Rutte is the leader of ,. Agnes Kant office (worked At, worked As) House of Representatives (Netherlands) The leader party at , is Socialist Party (Netherlands). Emile Roemer is the leader of ,.
The nationality of Agnes Kant is Netherlands. Mark Rutte is the leader of ,. Agnes Kant office (worked At, worked As) House of Representatives (Netherlands) Khadija Arib is the leader of ,. , resides in Doesburg.
The nationality of Agnes Kant is Netherlands. Mark Rutte is the leader of ,. , resides in Doesburg. The leader party at , is Socialist Party (Netherlands). Emile Roemer is the leader of ,.
Albert B. White was born in 1856. , died in 1941. , was born on 1856-09-22. , died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. , died on 1941-07-03.
Albert B. White spouse Agnes Ward White , was born in Cleveland. , died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. Albert B. White successor William M. O. Dawson , was born in Bloomington, Maryland.
Albert B. White spouse Agnes Ward White Albert B. White successor William M. O. Dawson Albert B. White office (worked At, worked As) Governor of West Virginia , was born in Cleveland. Albert B. White active Years End Date 1905-03-04
Albert B. White successor William M. O. Dawson The leader party at , is Republican Party (United States). , was born in Cleveland. Albert B. White active Years End Date 1905-03-04 The construction of , began in 1901-03-04.
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires. Juan Perón spouse Eva Perón The leader party at , is Labour Party (Argentina). Horacio Rodríguez Larreta is the leader of ,. Alberto Teisaire in Office While President Juan Perón
Alberto Teisaire office (worked At, worked As) Provisional President of the Argentine Senate Alberto Teisaire profession Rear admiral Alberto Teisaire successor Isaac Rojas , was born in Mendoza, Argentina. , was born on 1891-05-20.
Alfons Gorbach died in Styria. The leader party at , is Austrian People's Party. , died in Graz. , was born in Tyrol (state). , was born in Austria.
Alfons Gorbach died in Styria. The leader party at , is Austrian People's Party. , died in Graz. , was born in Tyrol (state). , was born in Imst.
Alvah Sabin active Years End Date 1857-03-03 , is from the Vermont's 3rd congressional district region. Burlington, Vermont is the largest city in ,. , is in Vermont. , died in Sycamore, Illinois.
Alvah Sabin is from the Vermont's 3rd congressional district region. , was born in Georgia, Vermont. Burlington, Vermont is the largest city in ,. , is in Vermont. , died in Sycamore, Illinois.
American Civil War was commanded by Jefferson Davis. , is located in United States. Battle of Gettysburg was a battle involving ,. Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in ,. , part of American Civil War.
American Civil War was commanded by Jefferson Davis. , is located in United States. Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in ,. Siege of Petersburg was a battle involving ,. , part of American Civil War.
Juan Perón spouse Eva Perón The leader party at , is Labour Party (Argentina). The nationality of , is Argentina. Spanish language is spoken in ,. Alberto Teisaire in Office While President Juan Perón
Aaron Bertram associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kids Imagine Nation Aaron Bertram associated Band/associated Musical Artist Suburban Legends Suburban Legends band Member Brian Robertson (trombonist) , is in the genre of Ska punk. Ska punk stylistic Origin Punk rock
Aaron Deer is in the genre of Indie rock. Aaron Deer origin United States Aaron Deer associated Band/associated Musical Artist Wee Giant Aaron Deer background solo singer Aaron Deer origin Indiana
Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist Old Man Gloom Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist Lotus Eaters (band) , is in the genre of Black metal. Aaron Turner origin United States , were invented in 1995.
Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist Twilight (band) Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist Lotus Eaters (band) , is in the genre of Sludge metal. Aaron Turner origin Massachusetts , were invented in 1995.
Abradab associated Band/associated Musical Artist Magik (rapper) Abradab associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kaliber 44 , was born in Katowice. , was born in Poland. , was born on 1978-11-12.
Ace Wilder background solo singer , was born in 1982. , was Singing. , was born in Sweden. , was born on 1982-07-23.
Ace Wilder background solo singer , was born in 1982. , was Songwriter. , was born in Stockholm. , was born on 1982-07-23.
Ace Wilder is in the genre of Hip hop music. , is in the genre of Gangsta rap. Hip hop music stylistic Origin Funk Hip hop music derivative Drum and bass Hip hop music stylistic Origin Disco
Ace Wilder is in the genre of Hip hop music. Hip hop music stylistic Origin Funk , was born in Sweden. Hip hop music derivative Drum and bass Hip hop music stylistic Origin Disco
Al Anderson (NRBQ band) associated Band/associated Musical Artist NRBQ Al Anderson (NRBQ band) associated Band/associated Musical Artist The Wildweeds , was born in Windsor, Connecticut. , is in the genre of Rock music. , were invented in 1966.
Al Anderson (NRBQ band) associated Band/associated Musical Artist NRBQ , is in the genre of Bhangra (music). Al Anderson (NRBQ band) instrument Guitar , is in the genre of Rock music. Rock music stylistic Origin Country music
Alan Frew was Musician. Alan Frew origin Canada , was born in Coatbridge. Alan Frew origin Newmarket, Ontario Alan Frew background solo singer
Aleksandra Kovač background solo singer , was born in 1972. , was born in Socialist Republic of Serbia. , is in the genre of Pop music. , is in the genre of Disco.
Aleksandra Kovač is in the genre of Rhythm and blues. Aleksandra Kovač associated Band/associated Musical Artist K2 (Kovač sisters duo) Aleksandra Kovač associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kornelije Kovač Aleksandra Kovač background solo singer , were invented in 1990.
Alfred Garth Jones died in London. , was born in England. The nationality of , is United Kingdom. , was born in Manchester. , was born in 1872.
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup. , died in London. , was born in Manchester. European Parliament leads ,. Boris Johnson is the leader of ,.
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup. , died in London. , was born in Manchester. Labour Party (UK) is the leader of ,. European Parliament leads ,.
Alison O'Donnell associated Band/associated Musical Artist Flibbertigibbet Alison O'Donnell associated Band/associated Musical Artist Mellow Candle , is in the genre of Folk music of Ireland. Alison O'Donnell record Label Floating World Records , were invented in 1963.
Alison O'Donnell is in the genre of Jazz. Jazz derivative Funk Alison O'Donnell record Label Deram Records , is located in London. Alison O'Donnell record Label Stanyan Records
Alison O'Donnell is in the genre of Jazz. Jazz derivative Funk , is in the genre of Afrobeat. Alison O'Donnell instrument Autoharp Jazz stylistic Origin Folk music
Alison O'Donnell is in the genre of Jazz. Jazz stylistic Origin Blues Jazz derivative Funk , is in the genre of Afrobeat. Alison O'Donnell instrument Voice, bodhrán, percussion, autoharp
Allen Forrest was born in 1981. , is in the genre of Acoustic music. , was born in Dothan, Alabama. Allen Forrest background solo singer , was born in Fort Campbell.
Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Billy Iuso Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars , is in the genre of Rock music. Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Galactic , were invented in 1989.
Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Galactic Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Tab Benoit , is in the genre of Blues. Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Billy Iuso , were invented in 1989.
Andra (singer) was born in 1986. , is in the genre of Dance-pop. , was born in Câmpia Turzii. Andra (singer) background solo singer , was singer, Reality television judge.
Andra (singer) is in the genre of Rhythm and blues. Andra (singer) background solo singer , was born in 1986. , was Singing. , was born in Romania.
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Armin van Buuren Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Bobina Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Armin Van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano, Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose, Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin, Alexandra Badoi , is in the genre of Trance music. Trance music stylistic Origin Pop music
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Christian Burns , is in the genre of Trance music. Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Armin van Buuren , was born in Chișinău, Moldova. , were invented in 2009.
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Jwaydan Moyine Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Bobina , is in the genre of Trance music. , was born in Chișinău, Moldova. , were invented in 2009.
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Jwaydan Moyine Jwaydan Moyine associated Band/associated Musical Artist John Digweed Andrew Rayel instrument String instrument Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Christian Burns , is in the genre of Trance music.
Andrew White (musician) associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kaiser Chiefs Andrew White (musician) associated Band/associated Musical Artist Marry Banilow Andrew White (musician) record Label B-Unique Records Andrew White (musician) record Label Polydor Records , were invented in 2003.
Hip hop music stylistic Origin Disco , was born in Fort Campbell. , is in the genre of Hip hop music. Hip hop music stylistic Origin Funk Hip hop music derivative Drum and bass
Hip hop music stylistic Origin Disco , is in the genre of Hip hop music. , was born in 1981. Hip hop music stylistic Origin Funk Hip hop music derivative Drum and bass
Parliament of the United Kingdom leads London. , died in Sidcup. , died in London. , was born in Manchester. Labour Party (UK) is the leader of ,.
Mestizo are an ethnic group in Paraguay. , was born in Asunción. Juan Afara is the leader of ,. , died in Paraguay. Spanish language is spoken in ,.
Polydor Records is located in London. , is in the genre of Nu metal. , is in the genre of Alternative rock. Andrew White (musician) record Label B-Unique Records Andrew White (musician) record Label Polydor Records
Polydor Records is located in London. , is in the genre of Nu metal. Andrew White (musician) record Label Polydor Records Andrew White (musician) record Label Universal Records (defunct record label) , is in the genre of Alternative rock.
Rock music is in the genre of Bhangra (music). Al Anderson (NRBQ band) instrument Guitar , is in the genre of Rock music. Rock music stylistic Origin Country music Country music stylistic Origin Blues
Rock music stylistic Origin Blues , is in the genre of Bhangra (music). Country music instrument Banjo , is in the genre of Rock music. Rock music stylistic Origin Country music
Twilight (band) is in the genre of Black metal. Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist Twilight (band) Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist Old Man Gloom Aaron Turner instrument Electric guitar , is in the genre of Death metal.
Raúl Fernando Sendic Rodríguez is the leader of Uruguay. , died in Montevideo. , is located in Uruguay. Daniel Martínez (politician) is the leader of ,. Spanish language is spoken in ,.
