Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene is.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas.
18L/36R. is the runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid.
The ICAO Location Identifier of Afonso Pena International Airport is SBCT.
Afonso Pena International Airport serves the city of Curitiba.
Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah.
The runway length of Taqaddum Air Base is 3684.0.
14/32 is the runway name of Alderney Airport.
The runway length of Allama Iqbal International Airport is 3360.12.
Amsterdam Airport Schuphol 1st runway is Number 18.
The fourth runway at Amsterdam Airport Schuphol is made of Asphalt.
06/24 'Kaagbaan' is the runway name of Amsterdam Airport Schuphol.
Andrews County Airport is 973.0 metres above sea level.
Andrews County, Texas is the owner of Andrews County Airport.
The runway length of Andrews County Airport is 896.0.
The 1st runway at Angola International Airport is made from Asphalt.
Antwerp International is 12.0 metres above sea level.
Antwerp International is operated by the Flemish Government.
The runway length of Appleton International is 2439.0.
The runway length of Ardmore Airport is located is 518.0.
The ICAO Location Identifier of Ashgabat International Airport is UTAA.
11/29 is the runway name of Ashgabat International Airport.
South Jersey Transportation Authority is the owner of Atlantic City International Airport.
13/31 is the runway name of Atlantic City International Airport.
The Dutch language is spoken in Belgium.
Curitiba is part of South Region.
Denmark is inhabited by Danes.
Fallujah is located in Iraq.
Greenville is located in United States.
Greenville is part of of Grand Chute.
The Arabic is spoken in Iraq.
Madrid is located in Spain.
Maple Ridge Township is part of United States.
The leader of Pakistan is Sardar Ayaz Sadiq.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey serves the New Jersey region.
The largest city in Texas is Houston.
One of the noted United States Air Force battles was the 1986 United States bombing of Libya.
The transport aircraft for the United States Air Force is the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000.
Carroll County, Maryland, Maryland is to the southwest of Adams County, Pennsylvania.
The leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade.
Azerbaijan is led by the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan.
Türk Şehitleri Anıtı is the native name of The Baku Turkish Martyrs.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa.
The architectural style of the 250 Delaware Avenue is Postmodern architecture.
300 North La Salle is located in Chicago.
The architect of 320 South Boston Building is George Winkler.
The construction of 320 South Boston Building began in 1910.
Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen number Of Rooms 814
The architect of Adare Manor is James Pain and George Richard Pain,.
Aidsham Hall is located in Haputale.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan.
College of William & Mary is the owner of Alan B Miller Hall.
The address of Amdavad ni Gufa is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road.
Mary Isabelle Richardson House has the reference number 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places.
The architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds is Julia Morgan.
The architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds is Arts and Crafts Movement and American craftsman Bungalows.
Asher and Asilomar Conference Grounds was built in 1913.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City.
Buffalo New York is part of Erie County, New York.
The leader of Buffalo New York is Byron Brown.
County Limerick is part of Munster.
The leader of Dublin is Críona Ní Dhálaigh.
The leader of Ethiopia is Mulatu Teshome.
India is inhabited by name given to people.
One of the significant buildings designed by Julia Morgan is the Los Angeles Herald-Examiner.
Live Nation Entertainment is located in Beverly Hills, California.
Manhattan is part of New York.
New York City is part of New Netherland.
Pacific Grove is part of California.
White South African are an ethnic group in the South Africa.
The leader of United Kingdom is Elizabeth II.
1-4165-2060-0: The Ram Rebellion can be located by it's ISBN number "978-1-4165-4253-7".
Eric Flint is the author of 1634: The Ram Rebellion.
The Ram Rebellion is available in print.
journal is located in United Kingdom.
The OCLC number of A Glastonbury Romance is 76798317.
A Glastonbury Romance is available in hardcover.
The language used in the is spoken in A Long Long Way.
Diane Duane is the author of 1634: A Wizard of Mars.
The ISSN number of Seminar der Universität Hamburg Systems is 0025-5858-8188.
Garth Nix is the author of 1634: Above the Veil.
Above the Veil is available in print.
The ISSN number of Acta Palaeontologica Systems is 0567-7920-8188.
93645978 is the LCCN number of Addiction journal Systems.
The academic discipline of Addiction journal is Addiction.
The language used in the is spoken in Aenir.
Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener is located in United States.
The language used in the is spoken in Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener.
The academic discipline of American Journal of Mathematics is is Math.
The language used in the is spoken in Castle.
Eric Flint was born in Burbank, California.
Macmillan Publishers is the parent company of Farrar, Straus and Giroux.
One of John Cowper Powys notable works is A Glastonbury Romance.
Soho Press is located in United States.
The Secret Scripture was published by Faber and Faber.
Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
The language used in the is spoken in United States.
Weymouth Sands was preceded by A Glastonbury Romance.
The manager of A.C. Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran.
A.D. Isidro Metapan play in the Salvadoran Primera División.
The fullname of A.F.C. Blackpool is Association Football Club Blackpool.
A.F.C. Blackpool's ground is in The Mechanics,.
A.F.C. Blackpool's ground is in Blackpool.
A.S. Gubbio 1910's ground is in Gubbio.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 has 5300 members.
AEK Athens FC's ground is in Athens.
AEK Athens FC played in the 2014–15 Football League (Greece) season.
AZAL Arena is located in Baku.
AZAL PFK play in the Azerbaijan Premier League.
AZ Alkmaar played in the 15 Eredivisie season.
Akron is located in United States.
Akron is located in Summit County.
The fullname of Akron Summit Assault is Akron Metro Futbol Club Summit Assault.
The leader of Amsterdam is Eberhard van der Laan.
Christian Panucci plays for Chelsea F.C..
Christian Panucci plays for Inter Milan.
Frank de Boer plays for FC Barcelona.
Gubbio is from the Umbria region.
The leader of Italy is Sergio Mattarella.
Jens Hartel plays for FC Sachsen Leipzig.
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez plays for FC Dallas.
Luciano Spalletti plays for Udinese Calcio.
Massimo Drago plays for A.S.D. S.S. Nola 1925.
Michele Marcolini plays for Atalanta B.C..
Michele Marcolini plays for Vicenza Calcio.
Peter Stöger plays for 1. FC Köln.
Rolando Maran plays for F.C. Bari 1908.
Jong Ajax is the tenant of AC Sportpark De Toekomst.
Mary High School is located in United States.
Decembrie 1918 University is in the state of Alba.
The president of Acharya Institute of Technology is B.M. Reddy.
Mahé, India, Maryland is to the southwest of Kerala, Pennsylvania.
Mendrisio neighboring Municipality Meride
Bucharest is the capital of Romania.
The dean of the Accademia di School of Business and is Thomas Pallesen.
There are 16000 students at the Accademia di School of Business and.
Alan Bean United States.
Apollo 8's backup pilot was Buzz Aldrin.
Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963 is Buzz Aldrin's almaMater.
Buzz Aldrin served as a crew member of Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin was chosen by NASA in 1963.
California gemstone Benitoite
Elliot See died on the 21st of July, 1966-02-28.
Elliot See died in St. Louis.
Elliot See is deceased.
The April O'Neil was created by Kevin Eastman.
Bananaman is broadcast by BBC.
the full name of Auron (Ben Urich) is "Benjamin Urich".
The Bibbowski was created by Jerry Ordway.
the full name of Auron (Bibbowski) is "Bo Bibbowski".
Bill Oddie was born in Lancashire.
The Black Pirate is also known as Jon Valor.
John Buscema won the Eisner award.
Karl Kesel Americans.
Marv Wolfman won the Kirby Award.
Peter Laird United States.
Scott Adsit was born in Northbrook, Illinois.
The area code of leader of Albany, Indiana is 229.
Albany is part of United States.
Albuquerque in New Mexico is led by the Mayor.
Albuquerque in New Mexico is led by the New Mexico House of Representatives.
Albuquerque in New Mexico is led by the New Mexico Senate.
The total area of Amarillo 233.9 (square kilometres).
Amarillo is part of Randall County, Texas.
Anderson is part of Richland Township, Madison County, Indiana.
Angola, Indiana is located at 324.0 above sea level.
The area code of Antioch California, Indiana is 925.
Antioch California is part of Contra Costa County, California.
The population density of Arlington in Texas, Indiana is 1472.0 (inhabitants per square kilometre) km.
The leader of Atlanta is Kasim Reed.
The total area of density of Atlantic City 44.125 (square kilometres).
density of Atlantic City is part of New Jersey.
Attica, Indiana is located at 166.0 above sea level.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama.
The total area of Washington 77.41 (square kilometres).
Austin is part of Texas.
The Spanish is spoken in California.
The largest city in De Kalb County is Dunwoody, Georgia.
largest city in Fulton is located in United States.
Anderson is is the county Madison County, Texas.
Michigan is located in United States.
The largest city in Michigan is Detroit.
Orange County in California is located in United States.
The largest city in Oregon is Portland, Oregon.
The largest city in Tarrant County is Fort Worth in Texas.
The leader of United States is Barack Obama.
States House of Representatives is located in United States Capitol.
Pecorino Romano is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce.
Chili pepper is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce.
White rice is an ingredient in Arros negre.
Arros negre is from the Catalonia region.
Arros negre is from the Valencian Community region.
ayam penyet is from the Singapore region.
tomatoes is an ingredient in BLT.
Baked Alaska is from the Hong Kong region.
Bakewell pudding served Warm or cold
Bandeja paisa is located in Colombian cuisine.
Chicharrón is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa.
Bandeja paisa is from the Paisa Region region.
Barny cakes serving Size 30.0 g
Shumai is a variation of Batagor.
The main ingredient of Batagor is fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce.
Shrimp is an ingredient in Batchoy.
Beef kway teow is from the Indonesia region.
The Bhajji is also known as Bhaji, bajji.
Taro is an ingredient in Binignit.
Cottage cheese is a variation of Bionico.
Bionico is from the Jalisco region.
Chicken class is Bird.
The currency of India is the Indian rupee.
The leader of India is Sumitra Mahajan.
The Indonesian language is spoken in Indonesia.
The leader of Jalisco is Aristóteles Sandoval.
Banyumasan people are an ethnic group in the Java.
Malaysian Malay are an ethnic group in the Malaysia.
The leader of Mexico is Silvano Aureoles Conejo.
The Spanish is spoken in New York.
Shumai is located in China.
Peanut sauce is an ingredient in Siomay.
Malays (ethnic group) are an ethnic group in the Sumatra.
The leader of United Kingdom is David Cameron.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000. The , falls under the category of contributing property.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the district of the Monocacy National Battlefield. The city nearest to , is Frederick, Maryland.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. , is located in Azerbaijan.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. Türk Şehitleri Anıtı is the native name of ,.
Akron is located in United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
Albany is part of Oregon. Salem is the capital of ,.
Albuquerque in New Mexico is led by the States House of Representatives. , is located in United States.
Amarillo is part of Texas. , is located in United States.
for Anaheim is part of California. , is led by the States House of Representatives.
for Anaheim is part of of Orange County. , is located in United States.
Anderson is part of within Adams Township. , is located in United States.
Antioch California, Indiana is located at 13.0 above sea level. The total area of , square kilometres.
Arlington in Texas, Indiana is located at 184.0 above sea level. The total area of , 258.2 square kilometres.
Arlington in Texas is part of Texas. , is located in United States.
Atlanta is located in United States. , is part of Georgia.
density of Atlantic City is located in United States. , is part of Atlantic City.
density of Atlantic City is located in United States. Washington is the capital of ,.
density of Atlantic City is part of Atlantic City. , is located in United States.
The population density of density of Atlantic City, Indiana is 1421.2 inhabitants per square km. The total area of , 44.125 (square kilometres).
Washington is part of Pierce County. , is located in United States.
Albany is part of United States. Washington is the capital of ,.
Amarillo is located in United States. Washington is the capital of ,.
Albuquerque in New Mexico is located in United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
leader of Albany is part of United States. Native Americans in the are an ethnic group in the ,.
Auburn is located in United States. Native Americans in the are an ethnic group in the ,.
Akron is located in United States. The language used in the is spoken in ,.
Albuquerque in New Mexico is located in United States. , is led by the a title of President.
Amatriciana sauce is located in Italy. tomatoes is an ingredient in ,.
Arem arem is located in Indonesia. The leader of , is Jusuf Kalla.
Arrabbiata sauce is located in Italy. The Italian is spoken in ,.
Arrabbiata sauce is located in Italy. The leader of , is Sergio Mattarella.
Chili pepper is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce. , is located in Italy.
Arros negre is from the Valencian Community region. , is located in Spain.
Asam pedas is located in Indonesia. The main ingredient of , is cooked in a sour.
ayam penyet is from the Malaysia region. , is located in Indonesia.
BLT is a variation of Bacon sandwich. club sandwich is a variation of ,.
sausage is an ingredient in Bacon Explosion. The main ingredient of , is bacon.
The Bacon sandwich is also known as rasher sandwich. bacon is an ingredient in ,.
BLT is a variation of Bacon sandwich. Bread is an ingredient in ,.
Baked Alaska is located in France. sponge cake is an ingredient in ,.
Baked Alaska is located in France. The leader of , is Manual Valls.
Baked Alaska is located in United States. Meringue is an ingredient in ,.
Bakewell tart is a variation of Bakewell pudding. Fruit preserves is an ingredient in ,.
bakso is located in Indonesia. Vermicelli is an ingredient in ,.
Celery is an ingredient in bakso. , is part of the Apiaceae family.
Chicharrón is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa. , is located in Colombian cuisine.
Barny cakes is located in France. The leader of , is Claude Bartolone.
Batagor is located in Indonesia. Peanut sauce is an ingredient in ,.
Peanut sauce is an ingredient in Batagor. Siomay is a variation of ,.
Beef kway teow is located in Singapore. Palm sugar is an ingredient in ,.
Beef kway teow is located in Singapore. The leader of , is Halimah Yacob.
The main ingredient of Beef kway teow is oil are main ingredients. , is located in Singapore and Indonesia.
Bhajji is located in India. , is inhabited by name given to people.
Bhajji is located in India. The leader of , is T.S. Thakur.
Binignit is located in Philippines. Igorot people are an ethnic group in the ,.
The main ingredient of Binignit is banana. , is located in Philippines.
The main ingredient of Binignit is sweet potato. banana is an ingredient in ,.
Bionico is located in Mexico. The leader of , is Enrique Pena Nieto.
Bionico is from the Guadalajara region. Granola is an ingredient in ,.
Bionico is a dessert. cake is a variation of ,.
bakso is located in Indonesia. The leader of , is Joko Widodo.
Shumai is a variation of Batagor. Shiitake is an ingredient in ,.
The runway length of Aarhus Airport is 2777.0. , is operated by the Aarhus Lufthavn.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid is 610 metres above sea level. , is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas.
The runway length of Adolfo Suárez Madrid is 3500.0. , is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas.
Agra airport is located in Uttar Pradesh. , is part of Awadh.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province. The runway length of , is 3090.0.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Iraq. The Arabic is spoken in ,.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force. One of the noted , battles was the Invasion of Grenada.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae. , class is Monocotyledon.
The runway length of Alderney Airport is 877.0. The 1st runway at , is made from Asphalt.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan. The leader of , is Anwar Zaheer Jamali.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab Pakistan. The runway length of , is 2900.0.
The length of the first runway at Amsterdam Airport Schuphol is 3800 metres. , is -3.3528 metres above sea level.
The 1st runway at Amsterdam Airport Schuphol is made from Asphalt. , is -3.3528 metres above sea level.
Amsterdam Airport Schuphol serves the city of Amsterdam. The runway length of , is 2014.0.
Amsterdam Airport Schuphol serves the city of Amsterdam. The runway length of , is 3300.0.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas. The largest city in , is Houston.
The runway length of Angola International Airport is 3800.0. , serves the city of Luanda.
The runway length of Ardmore Airport is located is 597.0. , (New Zealand)'s 3rd runway surface type is Poaceae.
The length of the first runway at Ashgabat International Airport is 12467 feet. , is 211 metres above sea level.
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by the Turkmenistan Airlines. The headquarters of , are located in Turkmenistan.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township. , is located in United States.
Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Authority of New York. 4/22 is the runway name of ,.
The runway length of Atlantic City International Airport is 3048.0. , is operated by the Authority of New York.
Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by the Infraero. , is located in Brasilia.
1 FC Magdeburg has 27250 members. , played in the Regionalliga in 2014 season.
A.C. Chievo Verona's ground is in Italy is the home. , has 39371 members.
The manager of A.C. Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran. , was born in Italy.
The manager of A.D. Isidro Metapan is Jorge Humberto Rodriguez. , plays for FC Dallas.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members. , played in the 15 A EPSTH season.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is footballer. , plays for Blackburn Rovers F.C..
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is footballer. , plays for Irlam Town F.C..
AFC Fylde has 3180 members. ,'s ground is in Lancashire.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 has 5300 members. ,'s ground is in Gubbio.
A.S. Livorno Calcio's ground is in Livorno. , play in the Serie.
The manager of A.S. Livorno Calcio is Christian Panucci. , plays for A.S. Roma.
The manager of ACF Fiorentina is Paulo Sousa. , plays for Juventus F.C..
ACF Fiorentina has 47290 members. The fullname of , is ACF Fiorentina S.p.
AEK Athens FC's ground is in Greece. , has 69618 members.
AEK Athens FC's ground is in is the Olympic Stadium. , play in the Superleague Greece.
amateurs's ground is in Sportpark De Toekomst. Jong Ajax is the tenant of AC ,.
AZAL PFK's ground is in AZAL Arena. , is located in Azerbaijan.
Akron Summit Assault played in the 2011 PDL season season. , has 3000 members.
A.S. Gubbio 1910's ground is in Gubbio. , is from the Umbria region.
A.S. Gubbio 1910's ground is in Italy. The leader of , is Pietro Grasso.
The manager of A.S. Roma is Luciano Spalletti. , plays for Empoli F.C..
Eric Flint is the author of 1634: The Bavarian Crisis. , was preceded by The Grantville Gazettes.
The Ram Rebellion is available in Book. Virginia De Marce is the author of 1634: ,.
The AIP Advances EISSN number is 2158. , Systems has the abbreviation AIP Adv. Inf. Syst.
V. Jones is the author of 1634: Fortress of Grey Ice. , is available in print.
Fortress of Grey Ice is 672 pages long. 7653: , can be located by it's ISBN number "978-1-4165-4253-7".
A Glastonbury Romance was followed by Weymouth Sands. John Cowper Powys is the author of 1634: ,.
The OCLC number of A Long Long Way is 57392246. , is available in Paperback.
A Long Long Way is 292 pages long. 670: , can be located by it's ISBN number "978-1-4165-4253-7".
A Long Long Way was published by Viking press. Penguin Random House is the parent company of ,.
Qiu Xiaolong is the author of 1634: A Loyal Character Dancer. , is available in print.
The OCLC number of A Severed Wasp is 8805735. 26131: , can be located by it's ISBN number "978-1-4165-4253-7".
The OCLC number of A Severed Wasp is 8805735. , is available in hardcover.
The language used in the is spoken in A Severed Wasp. The , is spoken in Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp is available in print. 26131: , can be located by it's ISBN number "978-1-4165-4253-7".
Seminar der Universität Hamburg was published by Springer Science+Business Media. Julius Springer founded ,.
92550: Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener can be located by it's ISBN number "978-1-4165-4253-7". The literary genre of , Librarians is Fantasy literature.
The OCLC number of Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener is 78771100. 92550: , can be located by it's ISBN number "978-1-4165-4253-7".
Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener was followed by Alcatraz versus the Evil. Brandon Sanderson is the author of 1634: ,.
The academic discipline of American Journal of Mathematics is is Math. , Systems has the abbreviation J. Math. Inf. Syst.
American Journal of Mathematics was published by Johns Hopkins University Press. Johns Hopkins University is the parent company of ,.
The Ram Rebellion is located in United States. Washington is the capital of ,.
Fortress of Grey Ice is located in United States. Washington is the capital of ,.
Fortress of Grey Ice is located in United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
A Wizard of Mars is located in United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
A Wizard of Mars is located in United States. Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
Uab is the nickname of Decembrie 1918 University. , is in the state of Alba.
Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with the Association Visvesvaraya Technological University. , is located in Belgaum.
The president of Acharya Institute of Technology is B.M. Reddy. , is located in Bangalore.
The All India Council for Technical Education was proud to give the Technical Campus status to the Acharya Institute of Technology. , is located in Mumbai.
AWH Engineering College is in the state of Kerala. The leader of , is Kochi.
The April O'Neil was created by Peter Laird. , United States.
Bananaman is broadcast by BBC. , stars Jill Shilling.
Bananaman stars Graeme Garden. , is broadcast by STV.
Bananaman stars Tim Brooke. , was born in Derbyshire.
Big Hero 6 was Baymax's first film appearance. , stars Alan Tudyk.
Big Hero 6 was Baymax's first film appearance. , stars Scott Adsit.
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6. The , was created by Steve T. Seagle.
The Ben Urich was created by by Roger Mc Kenzie. the full name of Auron (,) is "Benjamin Urich".
The Bibbowski was created by Jerry Ordway. The , was created by Marv Wolfman.
The Bibbowski was created by Marv Wolfman. the full name of Auron (,) is "Bo Bibbowski".
Alan Bean was born on the 15th of March 1932. , is retired.
Alan Shepard is deceased. , was a test pilot.
Buzz Aldrin was born in was Glen Ridge. , was born on the 15th of March 20,1930.
Buzz Aldrin was born in was Glen Ridge. , is part of Essex County.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong. , served as a crew member of Apollo 8.
William Anders is retired. M.S. in 1962 is ,'s almaMater.
There are 50 floors at 108 St. Georges Terrace. , was completed in 1988.
There are 45 floors at 200 Public Square. , is located in United States.
There are 34 floors at 20 Fenchurch Street. , has a floor area of 62145.3 square metres.
300 North La Salle is located in Chicago. There are 60 floors at ,.
The architect of 320 South Boston Building is George Winkler. , is located in United States.
3 Arena is located in East Link Bridge. The architect of , is HOK SVE.
3 Arena is located in Dublin. The architect of , is company Populous.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen. , is located in Copenhagen.
The architect of Adare Manor is George Richard Pain. , was completed in 1862.
Adare Manor is located in Adare. , is located in County Limerick.
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Ethiopia. , is located in Addis Ababa.
Aidsham Hall is located in in Haputale. The architectural style of the , is architecture is Tudor Revival.
Aidsham Hall is located in Sri Lanka. The architectural style of the , is architecture is Tudor Revival.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan. Brazilians are an ethnic group in the ,.
There are 3 floors at Akita Museum of Art. The address of , is 142 Nakadori.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat. The address of , is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road.
Ampara Hospital is in the state of Eastern Province. The leader of , is Austin Fernando.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City. , is located in United States.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City. , is part of Brooklyn.
Adare Manor is located in County Limerick. , is part of Munster.
3 Arena is located in Dublin. , is part of Republic of Ireland.
Alan Bean United States. , was born in place is Wheeler. , is retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born in was Glen Ridge. , United States. The leader of , is Joe Biden.
Buzz Aldrin United States. , was chosen by NASA in 1963. Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963 is ,'s almaMater.
University of Texas is Elliot See's almaMater. , was born in Dallas. , United States.
University of Texas is Elliot See's almaMater. , died in St. Louis. , was chosen by NASA in 1962.
University of Texas is Elliot See's almaMater. , died in St. Louis. The leader of , is Francis G Slay.
Elliot See died in St. Louis. , died on the 21st of July, 1966-02-28. , is part of kingdom of France.
Alan Shepard spent 13017.0 minutes in space. , was born in New Hampshire. The purple finch is a native bird to ,.
The Bavarian Crisis is 448 pages long. De Marce and Eric Flint is the author of 1634: ,. , is available in print.
The language used in the is spoken in The Ram Rebellion. , was preceded by The Galileo Affair. The , is spoken in Great Britain.
ACM Transactions on Information was published by Association for Computing Machinery. The leader of , is Alexander L. Wolf. The headquarters of , are located in New York City.
The academic discipline of journal is HIV. The academic discipline of , is AIDS. The ISSN number of , Systems is 0269-8188.
The academic discipline of journal is HIV. The academic discipline of , is AIDS. The ISSN number of , Systems is 1473-8188.
AIP Advances editors include the following: Vincent H. Crespi, Bernard S. Gerstman, A.T. Charlie Johnson, Masaaki Tanaka, Enge G. Wang. , resides in the United States. Stanford University is ,'s almaMater.
The OCLC number of Fortress of Grey Ice is 51969173. V. Jones is the author of 1634: ,. 7653: , can be located by it's ISBN number "978-1-4165-4253-7".
Qiu Xiaolong is the author of 1634: A Loyal Character Dancer. The OCLC number of , is 49805501. 56947: , can be located by it's ISBN number "978-1-4165-4253-7".
The language used in the is spoken in A Loyal Character Dancer. , was published by Soho Press. , is located in United States.
The language used in the is spoken in A Severed Wasp. , is located in United States. The , is spoken in Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp is 388 pages long. The OCLC number of , is 8805735. , is available in hardcover.
The ISSN number of Seminar der Universität Hamburg Systems is 1865-8188. 32024459 is the LCCN number of , Systems. , Systems has the abbreviation Universitat Hamburg is Abh. Inf. Syst.
The language used in the is spoken in Aenir. , was followed by Above the Viel. , is located in Australians.
Garth Nix is the author of 1634: Aenir. , was followed by Above the Viel. The language used in the is spoken in ,.
Above the Veil is 248 pages long. Garth Nix is the author of 1634: ,. , is available in hardcover.
The ISSN number of Acta Palaeontologica Systems is 0567-7920-8188. 60040714 is the LCCN number of , Systems. , Systems has the abbreviation Acta Palaeontol. Inf. Syst.
The academic discipline of Addiction journal is Addiction. , Systems has the abbreviation Addiction. Inf. Syst. The ISSN number of , Systems is 1360-8188.
Addiction journal was published by Blackwell. The ISSN number of , Systems is 0965-8188. John Wiley is the parent company of ,.
Administrative Science Quarterly was published by Cornell University. , is affiliated with the Association of American Universities. , is in the state of New York.
Garth Nix is the author of 1634: Aenir. The language used in the is spoken in ,. , was followed by Above the Viel.
The language used in the is spoken in Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener. , is located in United States. The , is spoken in Great Britain.
Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener is available in hardcover. , is 320 pages long. The OCLC number of , is 78771100.
Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener is located in United States. The language used in the is spoken in ,. The , is spoken in Great Britain.
John Cowper Powys is the author of 1634: A Glastonbury Romance. , was born in Derbyshire. , died in Blaenau Ffestinlog.
The ISSN number of Administrative Science Quarterly Systems is 8392-8188. , was published by SAGE Publications. Sara Miller Mc Cune founded ,.
A Severed Wasp is located in United States. Washington is the capital of ,. Native Americans in the are an ethnic group in the ,.
The language used in the is spoken in A Wizard of Mars. , is located in United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
A Wizard of Mars is located in United States. Americans are an ethnic group in the ,. Washington is the capital of ,.
A Wizard of Mars is located in United States. The leader of , is Barack Obama. Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
The Ram Rebellion is located in United States. , is led by the a title of President. African Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
Fortress of Grey Ice is located in United States. , is led by the a title of President. Native Americans in the are an ethnic group in the ,.
The manager of 1 FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel. , plays for FC Lokomotive Leipzig. , plays for SV Germania Schoneiche.
The manager of A.C. Cesena is Massimo Drago. , plays for A.S.D. Licata 1931. , plays for A.S.D. S.S. Nola 1925.
The fullname of Lumezzane is Associazione Calcio Lumezzane Sp A.. , play in the Lega Pro. , has 4150 members.
The manager of A.D. Isidro Metapan is Jorge Humberto Rodriguez. , plays for Alianza F.C.. , plays for Salvador national football team.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members. Antonis Milionis is the chairman of ,. ,'s ground is in Efxeinoupoli.
A.F.C. Blackpool's ground is in Blackpool. , has 1500 members. The fullname of , is Association Football Club Blackpool.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is footballer. , plays for Chesterfield F.C.. , plays for Runcorn F.C. Halton.
The manager of AFC Fylde is Dave Challinor. , plays for Stockport County F.C.. , plays for Colwyn Bay F.C..
A.S. Livorno Calcio's ground is in in Livorno. , has 19238 members. The fullname of , is Livorno Calcio S.p.
The manager of A.S. Livorno Calcio is Christian Panucci. , play in the Serie. Carpi F.C. 1909 are previous champions of the ,.
The manager of A.S. Livorno Calcio is Christian Panucci. , plays for Chelsea F.C.. , plays for Real Madrid CF.
AEK Athens FC play in the Superleague Greece. ,'s ground is in Greece. Olympiacos F.C. are previous champions of the ,.
The manager of AEK Athens FC is Gus Poyet. , plays for Real Zaragoza. , plays for Chelsea F.C..
amateurs's ground is in Amsterdam. The leader of , is Eberhard van der Laan. , Noord is part of Amsterdam.
amateurs's ground is in Amsterdam. The leader of , is Eberhard van der Laan. , Noord is part of Amsterdam.
The manager of AZ Alkmaar is john van den Brom. , plays for Jong Ajax. , plays for Istanbulspor A.S..
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série. ,'s ground is in the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy. , is located in Brazil.
The manager of A.S. Roma is Luciano Spalletti. , plays for Udinese Calcio. , plays for Empoli F.C..
The manager of A.C. Cesena is Massimo Drago. , plays for S.S. Chieti Calcio. , plays for A.S.D. Licata 1931.
The manager of A.C. Cesena is Massimo Drago. , plays for U.S Castrovillari Calcio. , plays for A.S.D. S.S. Nola 1925.
The manager of A.C. Cesena is Massimo Drago. , plays for U.S Castrovillari Calcio. , plays for S.S. Chieti Calcio.
103 Colmore Row is located in Colmore Row. The architect of , is John Madin. , was born in Birmingham.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland. , is part of Cuyahoga County in Ohio. The leader of , is Frank G Jackson.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in United States. , has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres. There are 12 floors at ,.
300 North La Salle is located in Chicago. The leader of , is Rahm Emanuel. , is part of Du Page County Illinois.
The architect of 320 South Boston Building is George Winkler. There are 22 floors at ,. , is located in United States.
3 Arena is located in North Wall Quay. The architect of , is HOK SVE. , was completed in December 2008.
Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Denmark. Marriott International is the tenant of AC ,. There are 23 floors at ,.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen. The architect of , is 3XN. There are 23 floors at ,.
The architect of Adare Manor is Augustus Pugin. One of the significant buildings designed by , is the Palace Of Westminster. , was born in Bloomsbury.
The architect of Adare Manor is Philip Charles Hardwick. , was completed in 1862. JP Mc Manus is the owner of ,.
The architectural style of the Aidsham Hall is Tudor and Jacobean. , was completed in 1931. , is located in Haputale.
The architectural style of the Aidsham Hall is Tudor and Jacobean. , is located in Sri Lanka. , was completed in 1931.
Aidsham Hall is located in Sri Lanka. , is located in Haputale. The leader of , is Ranil Wickremesinghe.
Aidsham Hall is located in Sri Lanka. Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of ,. The currency of , is the Sri Lankan rupee.
The construction of Alan B Miller Hall began in 30 March. The Mason School of Business is the current tenant of the ,. , is located in United States.
The architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds is Julia Morgan. , was born in San Francisco. One of the significant buildings designed by , is the Riverside Art Musuem.
The architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds is Julia Morgan. One of the significant buildings designed by , is the Chinatown in San Francisco. , was born in California.
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located in Asilomar Blvd. The , were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987. , has the reference number 87000823 in the National Register of Historic Places.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in Avenue. Asher and , was built in 1904. The , were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1980.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City. Asher and , was built in 1904. The , were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1980.
The architect of 103 Colmore Row is John Madin. Birmingham is the home town of ,. The leader of , is Conservative Party.
The architect of 103 Colmore Row is John Madin. , was born in Birmingham. The leader of , is Liberal Democrats.
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa. , is located in Ethiopia. The leader of , is Hailemariam Desalegn.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad. , is located in Gujarat. The leader of , is Anandiben Patel.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen. , is located in Bethseda. Bill Marriott is the key person for ,.
leader of Albany is part of in Dougherty County. , is located in United States. Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
The population density of Albuquerque in New Mexico, Indiana is 1142.3 inhabitants per sq km. , is led by the New Mexico Senate. The total area of , 490.9 square kilometres.
Alpharetta is located in United States. , is part of part of Fulton County. African Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
Alpharetta is located in United States. , is part of US state of Georgia. Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
Alpharetta is located in United States. Americans are an ethnic group in the ,. Washington is the capital of ,.
The UTC offset for Anaheim, California is -7. The area code of ,, Indiana is 657. The total area of , 131.6 square kilometres.
for Anaheim is part of California. , is led by the California. , is located in California State Capitol.
Anderson is part of Lafayette Township. , is part of Indiana. , is located in United States.
Angola is part of Pleasant Township. , is located in United States. Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
Antioch California is part of Contra Costa County, California. , is led by the States House of Representatives. , is part of San Francisco Bay Area.
Arlington in Texas is part of Tarrant County. Fort Worth in Texas is the county ,, Texas. , is located in United States.
Atlanta is located in United States. Americans are an ethnic group in the ,. Washington is the capital of ,.
The population density of Atlanta, Indiana is 1299.0 inhabitants per square km. The area code of ,, Indiana is 404. The total area of , square kilometres.
density of Atlantic City is located in United States. , is part of New Jersey. The largest city in , is Newark.
density of Atlantic City is part of Atlantic City. , is located in United States. The largest city in , is New York City.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama. , is part of Alabama. , is located in United States.
Washington is part of state. , is located in United States. Washington is the capital of ,.
Washington is part of state. Olympia is the is the capital of ,. , is located in United States.
leader of Albany is part of US state of Georgia. , is part of in Dougherty County. Atlanta is the capital of ,.
Alexandria is part of Madison County. , is located in United States. The largest city in , is Anderson is.
density of Atlantic City is part of New Jersey. is Trenton is the capital of ,. , is located in United States.
Arlington in Texas is part of Texas. The language used in the is spoken in ,. The largest city in , is Houston.
Attica is located in United States. , is part of Fountain County. Washington is the capital of ,.
Attica is part of Fountain County. , is located in United States. Washington is the capital of ,.
Akron is located in United States. Washington is the capital of ,. The language used in the is spoken in ,.
Akron is located in United States. , is part of Summit County. Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
Albany is part of Benton County. , is located in United States. Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
Albuquerque in New Mexico is located in United States. Americans are an ethnic group in the ,. The leader of , is Barack Obama.
leader of Albany is located in United States. The language used in the is spoken in ,. African Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
Angola is located in United States. The language used in the is spoken in ,. Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
The runway length of Aarhus Airport is 2776.0. , is operated by the Aarhus Lufthavn. 10R/28L. is the runway name of ,.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of of Lake Placid. The runway length of , is 2003.0. , serves the city of of Saranac Lake.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid is located in Paracuellos de Jarama. , is located in Spain. , is part of community of Madrid.
Agra airport is located in Uttar Pradesh. , is operated by the Indian Air Force. The ICAO Location Identifier of , is VIAG.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force. , is located in Iraq. The runway length of , is 3992.88.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force. , aircraft fighter is Mc Donnell Douglas F-15 Eagle Falcon. One of the noted , battles was the 1986 United States bombing of Libya.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force. One of the noted , battles was the Invasion of Grenada. , aircraft fighter is Mc Donnell Douglas F-15 Eagle Falcon.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae. The runway length of , is 877.0. , serves the city of Alderney.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan. , is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. The headquarters of , are located in Jinnah International Airport.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab Pakistan. 18L/36R. is the runway name of ,. The runway length of , is 2900.0.
County Regional Airport is 210 metres above sea level. , is located in Maple Ridge Township. , is located in United States.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas. The runway length of , is 1773.0. , is 973.0 metres above sea level.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas. The runway length of , is 896.0. , is 973.0 metres above sea level.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas. Austin is the capital of ,. The language used in the is spoken in ,.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas. , is inhabited by Tejano. , is located in United States.
Antwerp International serves the city of Antwerp. , is located in Belgium. The language is spoken in ,.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township. , is located in United States. , is part of Atlantic City.
Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Authority of New York. The Port , and New Jersey serves the New Jersey region. The headquarters of , are located in Four World Trade Center.
The runway length of Atlantic City International Airport is 3048.0. , is located in Egg Harbor Township. , is located in United States.
Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore. , is located in Pakistan. The leader of , is Anwar Zaheer Jamali.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid is located in Madrid. , is part of community of Madrid. The leader party at , Ahora Madrid (Spain).
Adolfo Suárez Madrid is located in Madrid. The leader party at , Ahora Madrid (Spain). , is located in Spain.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid is located in Sebastián de los Reyes. The leader party at , People's Party is (Spain). , is located in Spain.
11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in United States. , is located in Adams County in Pennsylvania. Carroll County, Maryland, Maryland is to the southwest of ,, Pennsylvania.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in the is Gettysburg , Pennsylvania. , is located in Adams County in Pennsylvania. Carroll County, Maryland, Maryland is to the southwest of ,, Pennsylvania.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs is located in Azerbaijan. Türk Şehitleri Anıtı is the native name of ,. Baku is the capital of ,.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs is located in Azerbaijan. The leader of , is Artur Rasizade. The National Assembly dictates the legislature of ,.
Ataturk Monument is is located in Turkey. The leader of , is Ahmet Davutoglu. Ankara is the capital of ,.
Amatriciana sauce is from the Lazio region. , is located in Italy. Guanciale is an ingredient in ,.
leaf is an ingredient in Arem arem. , is from the Javanese cuisine region. The main ingredient of , is with vegetables or minced.
tomatoes is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce. , belongs to the division of flowering plant. , is part of the Solanaceae family.
Arrabbiata sauce is from the Rome region. , is located in Italy. Olive oil is an ingredient in ,.
Arrabbiata sauce is from the Rome region. tomatoes is an ingredient in ,. , is located in Italy.
Asam pedas is located in Malaysia. The main ingredient of , is cooked in a sour. , is from the Malay Peninsula region.
Asam pedas is located in Malaysia. Kuala Lumpur is the capital of ,. The leader of , is Arifin Zakaria.
ayam penyet is from the Malaysia region. , is located in Indonesia. Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group in the ,.
BLT is a variation of Bacon sandwich. Lettuce is an ingredient in ,. club sandwich is a variation of ,.
Bacon Explosion is located in United States. The leader of , is Barack Obama. White Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
Bacon Explosion is located in United States. The leader of , is John Roberts. Washington is the capital of ,.
BLT is a variation of Bacon sandwich. Bread is an ingredient in ,. club sandwich is a variation of ,.
Baked Alaska is located in France. , is from the New York region. sponge cake is an ingredient in ,.
Baked Alaska is located in France. The leader of , is Manual Valls. The currency of , is the Euro.
Baked Alaska is located in United States. , is from the New York region. Christmas pudding is an ingredient in ,.
Baked Alaska is a dessert. sponge cake is an ingredient in ,. cookie is a variation of ,.
Bakewell pudding is from the Derbyshire Dales region. , is a Dessert. The main ingredient of , is are ground almond.
Bakewell pudding is from the Derbyshire Dales region. Bakewell tart is a variation of ,. The main ingredient of , is are ground almond.
bakso is located in Indonesia. beef is an ingredient in ,.
Avocado is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa. , is located in Colombian cuisine. , is from the Paisa Region region.
Bandeja paisa is from the Paisa Region region. , is located in Colombian cuisine. Hogao is an ingredient in ,.
Barny cakes is located in France. The leader of , is Claude Bartolone. The leader of , is Manual Valls.
Batchoy is located in Philippines. The main ingredient of , is The main ingredients of. noodles is an ingredient in ,.
Batchoy is located in Philippines. The main ingredient of , is The main ingredients of. Vegetables is an ingredient in ,.
Beef kway teow is located in Singapore. , is from the nationwide in Singapore region. The leader of , is Tony Tan.
Beef kway teow is from the Singapore region. , is located in Indonesia. Sesame oil is an ingredient in ,.
Beef kway teow is from the Singapore region. Oyster sauce is an ingredient in ,. , is located in Singapore and Indonesia.
Bhajji is located in India. The currency of , is the Indian rupee. The leader of , is Sumitra Mahajan.
banana is an ingredient in Binignit. , is a dessert. cookie is a variation of ,.
Sago is an ingredient in Binignit. , is a dessert. cookie is a variation of ,.
Taro is an ingredient in Binignit. , is a dessert. cookie is a variation of ,.
The main ingredient of Binignit is sweet potato. banana is an ingredient in ,. , is of the order Solanales.
Bionico is located in Mexico. , is a dessert. Granola is an ingredient in ,.
Bionico is located in Mexico. , is from the Guadalajara region. raisins is an ingredient in ,.
Bionico is located in Mexico. The leader of , is Silvano Aureoles Conejo. The currency of , is the peso.
Amatriciana sauce is located in Italy. Rome is the capital of ,. The leader of , is Pietro Grasso.
Batchoy is located in Philippines. The Arabic is spoken in ,. Igorot people are an ethnic group in the ,.
Beef kway teow is located in Singapore. The leader of , is Tony Tan. The language used in the is spoken in ,.
tomatoes is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce. , is part of the Solanaceae family. , is of the order Solanales.
AWH Engineering College is located in India. The academic staff at the , number 250. , is in the state of Kerala.
Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore. The number of post graduate students at the , is about 700. , is affiliated with the Association Visvesvaraya Technological University.
AWH Engineering College is in the state of Kerala. The leader of , is Kochi. Mahé, India, Maryland is to the southwest of ,, Pennsylvania.
Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. of which are Germans are an ethnic group in the ,. The anthem of , is called romane.
Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. of which are Germans are an ethnic group in the ,. The leader of , is Klaus Iohannis.
School of Business and is affiliated with the Association European University Association. The , was established in 1928. The headquarters of the , is in Brussels.
School of Business and is located in Aarhus. , is located in Denmark. The , was established in 1928.
The comic character Asterix was created by René Goscinny. The , was created by Albert Uderzo. , French.
Bananaman stars Tim Brooke. , is broadcast by BBC. , last aired on April 15th 1986.
Big Hero 6 was Baymax's first film appearance. Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures is the distributor of the film , ,. , stars Scott Adsit.
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6. Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures is the distributor of the film , ,. , stars Scott Adsit.
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6. , stars Ryan Potter. Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures is the distributor of the film , ,.
The comic character Blockbuster was created by Gardner Fox. The , is also known as Mark Desmond. The , was created by Carmine Infantino.
The comic character Bolt was is also known as Larry Bolatinsky. The , was created by Dan Mishkin. The , was created by Gary Cohn.
The comic character Bolt was was created by Ernie Colon. The , is also known as Larry Bolatinsky. The , was created by Gary Cohn.
103 Colmore Row is located in Birmingham. , was completed in 1976. The construction of , began in 1973. There are 23 floors at ,.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa. South Africans are an ethnic group in the ,. Cape Town is the capital of ,. Coloured are an ethnic group in the ,.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland. , is part of Cuyahoga County in Ohio. , is located in United States. ,'s governing body is Cleveland City Council.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in New York. , cost 110 million. , has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres. There are 12 floors at ,.
300 North La Salle is located in Chicago. The leader of , is Rahm Emanuel. , is part of is in Cook County. , is located in United States.
300 North La Salle is located in Illinois. , has a floor area of 120770.0 square metres. , was completed in 2009. There are 60 floors at ,.
Live Nation Entertainment is the owner of 3 Arena. , is located in Dublin. , is part of Republic of Ireland. , is part of Leinster.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen. , is located in Copenhagen. The architect of , is 3XN. There are 23 floors at ,.
Adare Manor is located in Adare. , is located in County Limerick. , is part of Munster. , is governed by the Limerick City and County Council.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan. , is located in Akita. Brazilians are an ethnic group in the ,. , is part of Akita Prefecture.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan. , is located in Akita. Filipinos are an ethnic group in the ,. , is part of Akita Prefecture.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan. , is located in Akita Prefecture. , is located in Akita. Vietnamese people are an ethnic group in the ,.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan. , is located in Akita Prefecture. , is located in Akita. Brazilians are an ethnic group in the ,.
College of William & Mary is the owner of Alan B Miller Hall. , was completed in June 2009. The address of , is 101 Ukrop Way. , is located in in Williamsburg.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat. , is located in India. The leader of , is Narendra Modi. The leader of , is Sumitra Mahajan.
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located in in Pacific Grove. The , were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987. , has the reference number 87000823 in the National Register of Historic Places. Asher and , was built in 1913.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in Avenue. , has the reference number 80002709 in the National Register of Historic Places. Asher and , was built in 1904. The , were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1980.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City. , is part of Manhattan. , is part of Brooklyn. The leader of , is Cyrus Vance Jr..
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City. , is located in United States. , is part of Manhattan. The leader of , is Gale Brewer.
The architect of 103 Colmore Row is John Madin. , was born in Birmingham. Antioch, , codes B postcode area. The leader of , is Andrew Mitchell.
The architect of 103 Colmore Row is John Madin. , was born in Birmingham. Antioch, , codes B postcode area. The leader of , is Labour.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat. , is located in India. The leader of , is Anandiben Patel. The leader of , is Sumitra Mahajan.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat. , is located in India. The leader of , is T.S. Thakur. The leader of , is Narendra Modi.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture. , is located in Akita. , is located in Japan. Brazilians are an ethnic group in the ,.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in United Kingdom. London is the capital of ,. The leader of , is Elizabeth II. , is led by the Parliament of the United.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in United States. The language used in the is spoken in ,. , is led by the a title of President. The leader of , is Joe Biden.
11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in United States. , is in the state of Pennsylvania. The , was established in 2000. The , falls under the category of contributing property.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs is located in Azerbaijan. Baku is the capital of ,. , is led by the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan. The leader of , is Artur Rasizade.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. , is located in Azerbaijan. Türk Şehitleri Anıtı is the native name of ,. Baku is the capital of ,.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer was established in 1907. The , Infantry Monument is located in the district of the Monocacy National Battlefield. , is located in county Frederick. The city nearest to , is Frederick, Maryland.
Ataturk Monument is' Memorial is made from red Bronze. , is located in Turkey. The leader of , is Ahmet Davutoglu. Ankara is the capital of ,.
Ataturk Monument is' Memorial was designed by Pietro Canonica Guner. , was in augurated on 1932-10-02. , is located in Turkey. , is led by the President of.
leader of Albany is part of US state of Georgia. , is located in United States. The language used in the is spoken in ,. Native Americans in the are an ethnic group in the ,.
The area code of Albuquerque in New Mexico, Indiana is 505 and 575. The land area, of Albuquerque (,), is 486.2 square kilometers. The total area of , 490.9 square kilometres. The population density of ,, Indiana is 1142.3 inhabitants per sq km.
Alpharetta is located in United States. , is part of US state of Georgia. , is part of part of Fulton County. Atlanta is the county ,, Texas.
Amarillo is part of Potter County. , is located in United States. Washington is the capital of ,. African Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
Amarillo is part of Potter County. , is located in United States. , is in the state of Texas. Austin is the capital of ,.
for Anaheim is led by the California is led by. , is part of California. , is located in California State Capitol. The Spanish is spoken in ,.
The population density of Anderson, Indiana is inhabitants per square kilometre km. The total area of , 107.43 square kilometres. ,, Indiana is located at 268.0 above sea level. , is part of of Adams Fall Creek.
Angola is part of Pleasant Township. , is located in United States. , is part of Indiana. The total area of , 16.55 square kilometres.
The UTC offset Antioch California, California is -7. ,, CA has 102372 people inhabiting it. The area code of ,, Indiana is 925. The total area of , square kilometres.
The population density of density of Atlantic City, Indiana is 1421.2 inhabitants per square km. The area code of ,, Indiana is 609. , is led by the New Jersey is known. The total area of , 44.125 (square kilometres).
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama. , is located in United States. , is in the state of Alabama. Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama. , is located in United States. , is in the state of Alabama. African Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
Washington is part of Pierce County. , is part of King County. , is located in United States. Washington is the capital of ,.
Washington is part of state. , is located in United States. , is part of King County. Washington is the capital of ,.
Austin is part of Texas. , is part of Hays County Texas. The largest city in , is Houston. San Marcos is the county ,, Texas.
for Anaheim is led by the California is led by. , is part of California. , is located in California State Capitol. The Chinese is a language is spoken in ,.
Alpharetta is part of US state of Georgia. , is part of part of Fulton County. , is located in United States. Atlanta is the county ,, Texas.
Anderson is part of Lafayette Township. , is part of Indiana. , is located in United States. Indianapolis is the capital of ,.
Arlington in Texas is part of Texas. The language used in the is spoken in ,. , is located in United States. The largest city in , is Houston.
Albany is part of Benton County. , is located in United States. Washington is the capital of ,. African Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
density of Atlantic City is part of New Jersey. , is located in United States. Washington is the capital of ,. The largest city in , is New York City.
Albuquerque in New Mexico is located in United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in the ,. , is led by the a title of President. The leader of , is Barack Obama.
Albuquerque in New Mexico is led by the New Mexico Senate. , is located in United States. The leader of , is John Sanchez. Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
Albany is part of Benton County. , is located in United States. Americans are an ethnic group in the ,. Washington is the capital of ,.
Albuquerque in New Mexico is led by the Mayor of Albuquerque. , is located in United States. Native Americans in the are an ethnic group in the ,. The leader of , is Barack Obama.
leader of Albany is part of United States. The language used in the is spoken in ,. Native Americans in the are an ethnic group in the ,.
Angola is part of Indiana. , is located in United States. The language used in the is spoken in ,. Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
Angola is part of Pleasant Township. , is located in United States. The language used in the is spoken in ,. Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
The manager of 1 FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel. , plays for SV Babelsberg 03. , plays for FC Union Berlin. , plays for FSV Zwickau.
The manager of A.C. Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran. , plays for F.C. Bari 1908. , was born in Italy. , plays for Carrarese Calcio.
The manager of Lumezzane is Michele Marcolini. , was born in Italy. , plays for Torino F.C.. , plays for AC Chievo Verona.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members. Antonis Milionis is the chairman of ,. ,'s ground is in Efxeinoupoli. , play in the A EPSTH 2nd GROUP.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is footballer. ,'s ground is in Blackpool. , plays for Stockport County F.C.. The leader of , is Conservative Party.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is footballer. ,'s ground is in Blackpool. , plays for Stockport County F.C.. The leader of , is Gordon Marsden.
AFC Fylde's ground is in ground is in Warton. , played in the 2014 season. , has 3180 members. The fullname of , is Association Football Club Fylde.
AFC Fylde played in the 2014 season. , has 3180 members. The fullname of , is Association Football Club Fylde. ,'s ground is in Bryning Lane.
The manager of ACF Fiorentina is Paulo Sousa. , plays for Juventus F.C.. , plays for Maccabi Tel Aviv F.C.. , plays for Inter Milan.
AEK Athens FC has 69618 members. ,'s ground is in Greece. , play in the Superleague Greece. , played in the 2014 season.
amateurs's ground is in Sportpark De Toekomst. , is operated by AFC Ajax. AFC Ajax N.V. is the owner of ,. Jong Ajax is the tenant of AC ,.
Godenzonen is the nickname of amateurs. , played in the 2014 season. , has 5000 members. The fullname of , is Amsterdamsche.
The manager of AZ Alkmaar is john van den Brom. , plays for Vitesse Arnhem. , plays for AFC Ajax. , plays for Netherlands national football team.
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série. ,'s ground is in the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy. Vila Nova Futebol Clube are previous champions of the ,. , is located in Alagoas.
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série. ,'s ground is in the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy. , is located in Brazil. , is located in Alagoas.
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série. ,'s ground is in the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy. , is located in Brazil. , is located in Arapiraca.
Akron Summit Assault's ground is in St Mary High School. , is located in United States. , is located in in Akron. , is part of Summit County.
A.S. Gubbio 1910's ground is in Italy. The leader of , is Pietro Grasso. Rome is the capital of ,. The leader of , is Sergio Mattarella.
The manager of FC Koln is Peter Stoger. , plays for SK Vorwärts Steyr. , plays for FC Admira Wacker Modling. , plays for FK Austria Wien.
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene is. The runway length of , is 2194.0. , is 546 metres above sea level. 17L/35R. is the runway name of ,.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of of Lake Placid. The runway length of , is 2003.0. , is 507 metres above sea level. , serves the city of of Saranac Lake.
18L/36R. is the runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid. The runway length of , is 3500.0. , is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas. , is operated by the ENAIRE.
Agra airport is located in India. , is operated by the Indian Air Force. , IATA Location Identifier is AGR. The ICAO Location Identifier of , is VIAG.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force. , is located in Iraq. The runway length of , is 3990.0. 08/26 is the runway name of ,.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force. The runway length of , is 3990.0. , is located in Al Anbar Province. 09R/27L. is the runway name of ,.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force. One of the noted , battles was the Invasion of Grenada. The Lockheed AC-130 can be found ,. , aircraft fighter is Mc Donnell Douglas F-15 Eagle Falcon.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan. The runway length of , is 2900.0. , is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. , serves the city of Lahore.
Amsterdam Airport Schuphol serves the city of Amsterdam. 09/27 Buitenveldertbaan is the runway name of ,. The runway length of , is 2014.0. , is -3.3528 metres above sea level.
Amsterdam Airport Schuphol serves the city of Amsterdam. name 18L/36R is the runway name of ,. The runway length of , is 2014.0. , is -3.3528 metres above sea level.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas. The runway length of , is 929. , serves the city of Andrews in Texas. , is 973.0 metres above sea level.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas. Austin is the capital of ,. , is inhabited by Tejano. , is located in United States.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas. Austin is the capital of ,. The language used in the is spoken in ,. , is located in United States.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo. , serves the city of Luanda. , is located in Angola. , is part of Luanda Province.
Antwerp International is operated by the Flemish Government. Flemish Region is the owner of ,. , is 12.0 metres above sea level. The runway length of , is 600.0.
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by the Turkmenistan Airlines. The headquarters of , are located in Turkmenistan. The hub airport for , is Turkmenbashi International Airport. The headquarters of , are located in Ashgabat.
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens. , is located in Spata. , is 94 metres above sea level. The runway length of , is 3800.0.
Atlantic City International Airport serves the city of Atlantic City. , is located in Egg Harbor Township. The leader of , is Don Guardian. , is located in United States.
South Jersey Transportation Authority is the owner of Atlantic City International Airport. , is located in Egg Harbor Township. The leader of , is Stephen Dilts. , is located in United States.
Antwerp International serves the city of Antwerp. , is located in Belgium. The leader of , is Charles Michel. The language is spoken in ,.
Antwerp International serves the city of Antwerp. , is located in Belgium. The leader of , is Phillipe of Belgium. The French is a language is spoken in ,.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of of Saranac Lake. , is part of Harrietstown. , is part of Essex County. , is located in United States.
Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah. , is located in Iraq. The Kurdish languages is spoken in ,. The leader of , is Fuad Masum.
Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah. , is located in Iraq. The leader of , is Haider al. The Kurdish languages is spoken in ,.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab Pakistan. , serves the city of Lahore. The leader of , is Malik Muhammad Rafique Rajwana. , is located in Pakistan.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae. , belongs to the division of flowering plant. , is of the order Commelinids. , class is Monocotyledon.
Bananaman is broadcast by BBC. Rona Fairhead is the key person for ,. One of the products of , is BBC Radio. , is located in Broadcasting House.
Bananaman stars Jill Shilling. The , was created by Steve Bright. , first aired on 3rd October 10/03/1983. , is broadcast by STV.
The Baymax was created by Duncan Rouleau. , is a character in Big Hero 6. , Americans. , stars Ryan Potter.
The comic character Bolt was was created by Gary Cohn. The , was created by Ernie Colon. The , is also known as Larry Bolatinsky. , is a Puerto Rican.
Eric Flint is the author of 1634: The Bavarian Crisis. , was preceded by Grantville Gazette III. , was preceded by The Grantville Gazettes. , was born in Burbank, California.
The Ram Rebellion is available in Book. , is 512 pages long. Virginia De Marce is the author of 1634: ,. 1-4165-2060-0: , can be located by it's ISBN number "978-1-4165-4253-7".
journal is located in United Kingdom. , was published by Lippincott Williams. The leader of , is Elizabeth II. Wolters Kluwer is the parent company of ,.
Fortress of Grey Ice is available in hardcover. The OCLC number of , is 51969173. V. Jones is the author of 1634: ,. 7653: , can be located by it's ISBN number "978-1-4165-4253-7".
Qiu Xiaolong is the author of 1634: A Loyal Character Dancer. The OCLC number of , is 49805501. 56947: , can be located by it's ISBN number "978-1-4165-4253-7". , is available in hardcover.
The language used in the is spoken in A Loyal Character Dancer. , is located in United States. The , is spoken in Great Britain. Native Americans in the are an ethnic group in the ,.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press. , is located in United States. Americans are an ethnic group in the ,. The language used in the is spoken in ,.
A Wizard of Mars is available in hardcover. , is 560 pages long. Diane Duane is the author of 1634: ,. 204770: , can be located by it's ISBN number "978-1-4165-4253-7".
83646315 is the LCCN number of Acta Mathematica Hungarica Systems. , Systems has the abbreviation Acta Math. Inf. Syst. The academic discipline of , is is Math. The ISSN number of , Systems is 0236-8188.
60040714 is the LCCN number of Acta Palaeontologica Systems. The academic discipline of , is Paleobiology. , Systems has the abbreviation Acta Palaeontol. Inf. Syst. The ISSN number of , Systems is 0567-7920-8188.
Acta Palaeontologica was published by Polish Academy of Sciences. The ISSN number of , Systems is 1732-8188. 60040714 is the LCCN number of , Systems. , Systems has the abbreviation Acta Palaeontol. Inf. Syst.
Administrative Science Quarterly was published by Cornell University. , is affiliated with the Association Association of Public and. , is affiliated with the Association of American Universities. , is in the state of New York.
Administrative Science Quarterly was published by Cornell University. , is affiliated with the Association Association of Public and. , is in the state of New York. , is located in New York.
Aenir is 233 pages long. Garth Nix is the author of 1634: ,. 17684: , can be located by it's ISBN number "978-1-4165-4253-7". , is available in paperback.
The language used in the is spoken in Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener. , is located in United States. The , is spoken in Great Britain. African Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
American Journal of Mathematics was published by Johns Hopkins University Press. AIDS (,) was first published in 1878. , is located in United States. Johns Hopkins University is the parent company of ,.
Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener is located in United States. Americans are an ethnic group in the ,. The language used in the is spoken in ,. The , is spoken in Great Britain.
The language used in the is spoken in A Wizard of Mars. , is located in United States. The , is spoken in Great Britain. The leader of , is Barack Obama.
The language used in the is spoken in A Wizard of Mars. , is located in United States. The leader of , is Barack Obama. Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
A Wizard of Mars is located in United States. The leader of , is Barack Obama. The language used in the is spoken in ,. The , is spoken in Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp is located in United States. The leader of , is Barack Obama. Americans are an ethnic group in the ,. The language used in the is spoken in ,.
Alan Bean United States. , was born in place is Wheeler. , spent 100305 minutes in space. , was chosen by NASA in 1963.
Alan Shepard served as a crew member of Apollo 14. The number of ,'s awards are Navy Distinguished Service Medal. , is operated by NASA. the , from the Navy is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold medal.
William Anders served as a crew member of Apollo 8. , was born in British Hong Kong. Frank Borman was a member of the crew on ,. Chris Patten served as a representative of ,.
Buzz Aldrin was born in was Glen Ridge. , served as a crew member of Apollo 11. Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963 is ,'s almaMater. , is retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born in was Glen Ridge. , was chosen by NASA in 1963. , served as a crew member of Apollo 11. , was a test pilot.
Buzz Aldrin served as a crew member of Apollo 11. ,'s full name was "Edwin Eugene Aldrin Jr.". The number of ,'s awards are 20. , is operated by NASA.
Alan Shepard died in California. , was born in New Hampshire. The number of ,'s awards are Navy Distinguished Service Medal. the , from the Navy is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold medal.
Alan Shepard died in California. The number of ,'s awards are Navy Distinguished Service Medal. The Senator representing , was Dianne Feinstein. the , from the Navy is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold medal.
University of Texas is Elliot See's almaMater. , died in St. Louis. , was born in Dallas. , United States.
William Anders was a test pilot. , served as a crew member of Apollo 8. , was chosen by NASA in 1963. , is operated by NASA.
AWH Engineering College is located in India. The , was established in 2001. , is located in Kuttikkattoor. The Ganges is a river in ,.
Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with the Association Visvesvaraya Technological University. , is located in India. The campus address for the , is: Soldenvanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090. , is located in Belgaum.
Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore. Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar is the director of the ,. , is located in India. , is affiliated with the Association Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The All India Council for Technical Education was proud to give the Technical Campus status to the Acharya Institute of Technology. tennis is one of the sports offered at the ,. , is located in Mumbai. The sport , has a Governing Body called the International.
Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia. , is located in Romania. , is part of Alba County. Bucharest is the capital of ,.
School of Business and is located in Aarhus. , is located in Denmark. , is governed by the Magistrates Council. The leader of , is Lars Løkke Rasmussen.
The academic staff at the AWH Engineering College number 250. , is in the state of Kerala. , is located in Kuttikkattoor. The leader of , is Kochi.
Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. of which are Germans are an ethnic group in the ,. Bucharest is the capital of ,. The anthem of , is called romane.
Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia. , is located in Romania. The leader of , is Klaus Iohannis. Bucharest is the capital of ,.
Amatriciana sauce is from the Lazio region. , is located in Italy. tomatoes is an ingredient in ,. The main ingredient of , is oil are the main.
Arrabbiata sauce is located in Italy. Rome is the capital of ,. The leader of , is Pietro Grasso. The leader of , is Sergio Mattarella.
Arros negre is located in Spain. The main ingredient of , is cuttlefish or squid. , is from the Catalonia region. Cuttlefish is an ingredient in ,.
Arros negre is located in Spain. The main ingredient of , is cuttlefish or squid. , is from the Catalonia region. White rice is an ingredient in ,.
Arros negre is located in Spain. , is from the Catalonia region. Spaniards are an ethnic group in the ,. The leader of , is Parliament of Catalonia.
Asam pedas is located in Malaysia. , is from the Sumatra region. Malaysian Malay are an ethnic group in the ,. Batak are an ethnic group in the ,.
Asam pedas is located in Malaysia. , is from the Sumatra region. Minangkabau people are an ethnic group in the ,. Malays (ethnic group) are an ethnic group in the ,.
Bacon Explosion is located in United States. The leader of , is Barack Obama. Americans are an ethnic group in the ,. Washington is the capital of ,.
Bacon Explosion is located in United States. The leader of , is John Roberts. Americans are an ethnic group in the ,. Washington is the capital of ,.
Ketchup is an ingredient in Bacon sandwich. BLT is a variation of ,. , is located in United Kingdom. club sandwich is a variation of ,.
The main ingredient of Bacon sandwich is and bacon with ketchup. , is located in United Kingdom. The , is also known as rasher sandwich. condiments is an ingredient in ,.
Baked Alaska is a dessert. , is located in United States. cookie is a variation of ,. African Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
The main ingredient of Baked Alaska is cake or Christmas pudding. , is from the New York and Hong region. , is located in United States. sponge cake is an ingredient in ,.
Baked Alaska is from the Hong Kong region. The main ingredient of , is cake or Christmas pudding. , is located in United States or China. Meringue is an ingredient in ,.
Baked Alaska is from the Hong Kong region. The main ingredient of , is cake or Christmas pudding. , is located in United States. Ice cream is an ingredient in ,.
Bakewell pudding is from the Derbyshire Dales region. Bakewell tart is a variation of ,. , is part of Derbyshire. Fruit preserves is an ingredient in ,.
Tapioca is an ingredient in bakso. , is located in Indonesia. The main ingredient of , is fried shallots are main. , is from the Indonesia and Southeastern Asian region.
bakso is located in Indonesia. noodles is an ingredient in ,. The main ingredient of , is fried shallots are main.
Kidney beans is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa. The main ingredient of , is The main ingredients of. , is from the Paisa Region region. , is located in Colombian cuisine.
The main ingredient of Bandeja paisa is The main ingredients of. , is from the Paisa Region region. , is located in Colombian cuisine. Hogao is an ingredient in ,.
Barny cakes is located in France. The French is a language is spoken in ,. The leader of , is Gerard Larcher. The leader of , is François Hollande.
Batagor is located in Indonesia. Siomay is a variation of ,. Shumai is a variation of ,. Shiitake is an ingredient in ,.
Batchoy is located in Philippines. The main ingredient of , is The main ingredients of. Pork is an ingredient in ,. , is from the Iloilo City region.
chicken is an ingredient in Batchoy. , is located in Philippines. , is a soup. The main ingredient of , is The main ingredients of.
Beef kway teow is located in Singapore. The main ingredient of , is oil are main ingredients. , is from the nationwide in Singapore region. Sesame oil is an ingredient in ,.
Beef kway teow is from the Singapore region. , is located in Singapore and Indonesia. The Standard Chinese is spoken in ,. The leader of , is Halimah Yacob.
Beef kway teow is from the Singapore region. The main ingredient of , is oil are main ingredients. , is located in Indonesia. Sesame oil is an ingredient in ,.
Bhajji is located in India. , is from the Karnataka region. The , is also known as Bhaji, bajji. Vegetables is an ingredient in ,.
Bhajji is from the Karnataka region. The main ingredient of , is Gram flour and vegetables. The , is also known as Bhaji, bajji. Vegetables is an ingredient in ,.
sweet potato is an ingredient in Binignit. The main ingredient of , is Sago. , belongs to the division of flowering plant. , is of the order Solanales.
Binignit is from the Visayas region. The main ingredient of , is coconut milk. , is located in Philippines. Sago is an ingredient in ,.
Bionico is located in Mexico. , is a dessert. , is from the Jalisco region. Granola is an ingredient in ,.
Bionico is located in Mexico. The main ingredient of , is Chopped Fruits. , is from the Guadalajara region. sour cream is an ingredient in ,.
Bionico is located in Mexico. , is a dessert. The leader of , is Silvano Aureoles Conejo. cookie is a variation of ,.
bakso is located in Indonesia. Tapioca is an ingredient in ,. The leader of , is Jusuf Kalla.
ayam penyet is from the Singapore region. , is located in Java. The leader of , is Tony Tan. Baduy are an ethnic group in the ,.
Batchoy is located in Philippines. llocano people are an ethnic group in the ,. Zamboangans are an ethnic group in the ,. The Philippine Spanish is spoken in ,.
Batchoy is located in Philippines. The Arabic is spoken in ,. Zamboangans are an ethnic group in the ,. Igorot people are an ethnic group in the ,.
Binignit is a dessert. , is located in Philippines. cookie is a variation of ,. The Philippine English is spoken in ,.
Binignit is a dessert. , is located in Philippines. sandesh is is a variation of ,. The Philippine English is spoken in ,.
The Bavarian Crisis was followed by Ring of Fire II. , was preceded by Grantville Gazette II. De Marce and Eric Flint is the author of 1634: ,. The language used in the is spoken in ,. , was preceded by The Grantville Gazette.
Administrative Science Quarterly was published by Cornell University. , is affiliated with the Association Association of Public and. , is affiliated with the Association of American Universities. The president of , is Elizabeth Garrett. , is located in New York.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press. , is located in United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in the ,. The language used in the is spoken in ,. The , is spoken in Great Britain.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press. , is located in United States. Native Americans in the are an ethnic group in the ,. The language used in the is spoken in ,. The , is spoken in Great Britain.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press. , is located in United States. Americans are an ethnic group in the ,. The language used in the is spoken in ,. The , is spoken in Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp is located in United States. The language used in the is spoken in ,. Washington is the capital of ,. Native Americans in the are an ethnic group in the ,. The , is spoken in Great Britain.
Above the Veil was followed by Into Battle. , was preceded by Aenir. , is located in Australians. , was followed by The Violet Keystone. , was preceded by novel Castle.
The language used in the is spoken in A Severed Wasp. , is located in United States. The , is spoken in Great Britain. The leader of , is Barack Obama. Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
A Severed Wasp is located in United States. The leader of , is Barack Obama. Americans are an ethnic group in the ,. The language used in the is spoken in ,. The , is spoken in Great Britain.
The Ram Rebellion is located in United States. , was preceded by The Galileo Affair. The leader of , is Barack Obama. Washington is the capital of ,. Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
The Ram Rebellion is located in United States. The leader of , is Barack Obama. , is inhabited by Americans. Washington is the capital of ,. African Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
A Wizard of Mars is located in United States. , is led by the a title of President. Americans are an ethnic group in the ,. The language used in the is spoken in ,. The , is spoken in Great Britain.
leader of Albany is part of US state of Georgia. , is located in United States. , is led by the a title of President. , is inhabited by Americans. Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
Alpharetta is located in United States. , is part of US state of Georgia. , is part of part of Fulton County. Native Americans in the are an ethnic group in the ,. The largest city in , is Atlanta.
Amarillo is part of Potter County. , is in the state of Texas. , is located in United States. Washington is the capital of ,. The language used in the is spoken in ,.
Amarillo is part of Potter County. , is located in United States. , is in the state of Texas. The language used in the is spoken in ,. Austin is the capital of ,.
Amarillo is part of Potter County. , is in the state of Texas. , is located in United States. The language used in the is spoken in ,. Austin is the capital of ,.
Anderson is part of Fall Creek Township. , is part of the Anderson Township. The population density of ,, Indiana is inhabitants per square kilometre km. The total area of , 107.43 square kilometres. , is located in United States.
Antioch California is part of Contra Costa County, California. , is part of California. , is led by the 11th State Assembly district. , is part of San Francisco Bay Area. The language used in the is spoken in ,.
The land area, of Albuquerque (Atlanta), is square kilometres. The population density of ,, Indiana is 1299.0 inhabitants per square km. The area code of ,, Indiana is 404. , is part of De Kalb County in Georgia. The total area of , square kilometres.
Attica is part of United States. The total area of , total area of 4.14. ,, Indiana is located at 166.0 above sea level. , is part of Logan Township. The population density of ,, Indiana is inhabitants per square kilometre km.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama. , is in the state of Alabama. , is located in United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in the ,. Washington is the capital of ,.
Washington is part of Pierce County. , is located in United States. , is part of King County. The population density of ,, Indiana is 914.8 inhabitants per sq km. The total area of , 77.41 (square kilometres).
Austin is part of Texas. , is part of Williamson County. The language used in the is spoken in ,. The largest city in , is Texas is Round Rock. Georgetown is the county ,, Texas.
Austin is part of Texas. , is part of Hays County Texas. The largest city in , is Houston. The language used in the is spoken in ,. San Marcos is the county ,, Texas.
Austin is part of Texas. , is part of Hays County Texas. The largest city in , is Houston. The Spanish is spoken in ,. San Marcos is the county ,, Texas.
Alexandria is part of Indiana. , is part of Madison County. Indianapolis is the capital of ,. , is located in United States. The American English is spoken in ,.
Arlington in Texas is part of Tarrant County. , is part of Texas. Fort Worth in Texas is the county ,, Texas. The Spanish is spoken in ,. The largest city in , is Houston.
Arlington in Texas is part of Tarrant County. , is part of Texas. The largest city in , is Fort Worth in Texas. Austin is the capital of ,. , is located in United States.
density of Atlantic City is part of New Jersey. , is located in United States. Washington is the capital of ,. White Americans are an ethnic group in the ,. The largest city in , is New York City.
Albany is located in United States. , is part of Linn County. , is inhabited by Americans. Washington is the capital of ,. Native Americans in the are an ethnic group in the ,.
Albany is part of Oregon. , is located in United States. , is inhabited by Americans. Americans are an ethnic group in the ,. Washington is the capital of ,.
Angola is part of in Steuben County. , is located in United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in the ,. The language used in the is spoken in ,. , is inhabited by Americans.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama. , is located in United States. , is in the state of Alabama. Native Americans in the are an ethnic group in the ,. Washington is the capital of ,.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama. , is part of Alabama. Opelika is the county ,, Texas. , is located in United States. Native Americans in the are an ethnic group in the ,.
density of Atlantic City is part of New Jersey. The largest city in , is Newark. is Trenton is the capital of ,. , is located in United States. Native Americans in the are an ethnic group in the ,.
Albuquerque in New Mexico is part of Albuquerque is part of. , is located in United States. The language used in the is spoken in ,. , is led by the a title of President. The leader of , is Barack Obama.
Angola is part of in Steuben County. , is located in United States. The language used in the is spoken in ,. , is inhabited by Americans. Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
Akron is located in United States. , is part of Summit County. The leader of , is Barack Obama. Washington is the capital of ,. Native Americans in the are an ethnic group in the ,.
leader of Albany is part of United States. , is led by the a title of President. , is inhabited by Americans. African Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in United States. , is located in Seminary Ridge. The , was established in 2000. The , falls under the category of contributing property. The , is in the is Gettysburg , Pennsylvania.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument falls under the category of contributing property. , is located in Adams County in Pennsylvania. Carroll County, Maryland, Maryland is to the southwest of ,, Pennsylvania. Adams County, ,, north of Adams County. county Frederick, Maryland is to the southwest of ,, Pennsylvania.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. , is located in Azerbaijan. Baku is the capital of ,. , is led by the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan. The leader of , is Artur Rasizade.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. , is located in Azerbaijan. Baku is the capital of ,. The leader of , is Artur Rasizade. The National Assembly dictates the legislature of ,.
Ataturk Monument is is located in Turkey. , is led by the President of. The leader of , is Ahmet Davutoglu. Ankara is the capital of ,. The largest city in , is Istanbul.
The AWH Engineering College was established in 2001. The academic staff at the , number 250. , is in the state of Kerala. , is located in Kuttikkattoor. Mahé, India, Maryland is to the southwest of ,, Pennsylvania.
Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore. Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar is the director of the ,. The number of post graduate students at the , is about 700. The campus address for the , is: Soldenvanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090. , is affiliated with the Association Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The president of Acharya Institute of Technology is B.M. Reddy. , is located in Bangalore. , is located in India. The number of post graduate students at the , is about 700. , is affiliated with the Association Visvesvaraya Technological University.
School of Business and is located in Denmark. , is affiliated with the Association European University Association. , is led by the The Monarch of. The leader of , is Lars Løkke Rasmussen. The headquarters of the , is in Brussels.
AWH Engineering College is located in India. The , was established in 2001. The academic staff at the , number 250. , is located in Kuttikkattoor. The largest city in , is Mumbai.
AWH Engineering College is located in India. , is in the state of Kerala. The largest city in , is Mumbai. The Ganges is a river in ,. The leader of , is Kochi.
The academic staff at the School of Business and number 737. , is located in Aarhus. , is located in Denmark. The , was established in 1928. The leader of , is Lars Løkke Rasmussen.
School of Business and is located in Aarhus. , is affiliated with the Association European University Association. , has to its northeast Mols. , is governed by the Magistrates Council. The headquarters of the , is in Brussels.
The Baymax was created by Duncan Rouleau. The , was created by Steve T. Seagle. , is a character in Big Hero 6. , Americans. , stars Alan Tudyk.
The manager of Lumezzane is Michele Marcolini. ,'s ground is in Italy. , plays for F.C. Bari 1908. , plays for Vicenza Calcio. The leader of , is Pietro Grasso.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is footballer. ,'s ground is in Blackpool. , plays for Chesterfield F.C.. , plays for Stockport County F.C.. The leader of , is Labour.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 play in the Serie. ,'s ground is in Italy. S.S. Robur Siena are previous champions of the ,. The leader of , is Sergio Mattarella. The Italian is spoken in ,.
The manager of AEK Athens FC is Gus Poyet. ,'s ground is in is the Olympic Stadium. , plays for Real Zaragoza. , plays for Chelsea F.C.. , is located in Marousi.
A.S. Gubbio 1910's ground is in Italy. The leader of , is Pietro Grasso. , is inhabited by Italians. Rome is the capital of ,. The Italian is spoken in ,.
A.S. Gubbio 1910's ground is in Italy. Italian is the official language of ,. , is inhabited by Italians. Rome is the capital of ,. The leader of , is Sergio Mattarella.
Arem arem is located in Indonesia. , is from the more specific to Java region. The leader of , is Jusuf Kalla. The currency of , is the Indonesian rupiah. The Indonesian language is spoken in ,.
Asam pedas is located in Malaysia. , is from the Sumatra and Malay Peninsula region. Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group in the ,. Malaysian Malay are an ethnic group in the ,. Kuala Lumpur is the capital of ,.
Asam pedas is located in Malaysia. , is from the Sumatra and Malay Peninsula region. Malaysian Malay are an ethnic group in the ,. Kuala Lumpur is the capital of ,. Malaysian Indian are an ethnic group in the ,.
Asam pedas is located in Malaysia. , is from the Sumatra region. Malaysian Malay are an ethnic group in the ,. Kuala Lumpur is the capital of ,. Malaysian Indian are an ethnic group in the ,.
Asam pedas is located in Malaysia. , is from the Malay Peninsula region. Malaysian Malay are an ethnic group in the ,. The leader of , is Abu Zahar Ujang. Malaysian Indian are an ethnic group in the ,.
Bacon Explosion is located in United States. The main ingredient of , is Bacon and sausage. bacon is an ingredient in ,. , is from the Kansas City metropolitan region. The main ingredient of , is sausage.
Bacon Explosion is located in United States. White Americans are an ethnic group in the ,. The leader of , is Paul Ryan. Washington is the capital of ,. The language used in the is spoken in ,.
BLT is a variation of Bacon sandwich. The main ingredient of , is and bacon with ketchup. , is located in United Kingdom. Ketchup is an ingredient in ,. The , is also known as rasher sandwich.
Baked Alaska is located in France. , is from the Hong Kong region. The leader of , is Manual Valls. The leader of , is Gerard Larcher. The French is a language is spoken in ,.
Lemon is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa. , is from the Antioquia Department region. , is of the order Rosids. , is part of the Rutaceae family. , is located in Colombia.
Barny cakes is located in France. sponge cake is an ingredient in ,. The leader of , is Gerard Larcher. The French is a language is spoken in ,. The leader of , is François Hollande.
Batagor is located in Indonesia. Siomay is a variation of ,. Shumai is a variation of ,. The leader of , is Joko Widodo. Peanut sauce is an ingredient in ,.
Batagor is located in Indonesia. Siomay is a variation of ,. The leader of , is Joko Widodo. Shumai is a variation of ,. Shiitake is an ingredient in ,.
Batagor is located in Indonesia. Shumai is a variation of ,. Siomay is a variation of ,. The leader of , is Jusuf Kalla. Shiitake is an ingredient in ,.
Bhajji is located in India. , is from the Karnataka region. The main ingredient of , is Gram flour and vegetables. The , is also known as Bhaji, bajji. Gram flour is an ingredient in ,.
Bhajji is located in India. , is from the Karnataka region. , is inhabited by name given to people. The leader of , is T.S. Thakur. The leader of , is Vajubhai Vala.
Bhajji is located in India. , is from the Karnataka region. , is inhabited by name given to people. The leader of , is T.S. Thakur. The leader of , is Sumitra Mahajan.
Bionico is located in Mexico. , is a dessert. The main ingredient of , is Chopped Fruits. , is from the Guadalajara region. sour cream is an ingredient in ,.
Bionico is located in Mexico. Honey is a variation of ,. , is a dessert. The Spanish is spoken in ,. The leader of , is Enrique Pena Nieto.
Bionico is located in Mexico. , is from the Jalisco region. Honey is a variation of ,. , is a dessert. The leader of , is Silvano Aureoles Conejo.
Arros negre is located in Spain. , is from the Catalonia region. Spaniards are an ethnic group in the ,. The leader of , is Felipe VI of. The leader of , is Carles Puigdemont.
Amatriciana sauce is located in Italy. Rome is the capital of ,. The leader of , is Matteo Renzi. The leader of , is Laura Boldrini. The Italian is spoken in ,.
Amatriciana sauce is located in Italy. , is inhabited by Italians. Rome is the capital of ,. The leader of , is Sergio Mattarella. The leader of , is Laura Boldrini.
Amatriciana sauce is located in Italy. The leader of , is Pietro Grasso. Rome is the capital of ,. The leader of , is Matteo Renzi. The Italian is spoken in ,.
fried chicken is an ingredient in ayam penyet. , is from the Malaysia and Singapore region. , is located in Java. The main ingredient of , is chicken. Javenese people are an ethnic group in the ,.
ayam penyet is from the Singapore region. , is located in Java. The language used in the is spoken in ,. The leader of , is Tony Tan. Javenese people are an ethnic group in the ,.
Batchoy is located in Philippines. The Arabic is spoken in ,. Zamboangans are an ethnic group in the ,. The Philippine Spanish is spoken in ,. Chinese Filipino are an ethnic group in the ,.
Ajoblanco is from the Andalusia region. , is located in Spain. The leader of , is Susana Diaz. The Spanish is spoken in ,. Spaniards are an ethnic group in the ,.
Ajoblanco is from the Andalusia region. , is located in Spain. The leader of , is Susana Diaz. The leader of , is Felipe VI of. , is inhabited by Spaniards.
Alan Bean United States. , was a test pilot. , was born in place is Wheeler. , was chosen by NASA in 1963. , is retired.
Alan Shepard served as a crew member of Apollo 14. , was born in New Hampshire. The number of ,'s awards are Navy Distinguished Service Medal. , is operated by NASA. the , from the Navy is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold medal.
William Anders served as a crew member of Apollo 8. , United States. , was born in British Hong Kong. , was commanded by Frank Borman. , is operated by NASA.
Buzz Aldrin was born in was Glen Ridge. , United States. , served as a crew member of Apollo 11. , was a test pilot. , was born on the 15th of March 20,1930.
Buzz Aldrin was born in was Glen Ridge. , served as a crew member of Apollo 11. , United States. , was a test pilot. , is operated by NASA.
Buzz Aldrin was born in was Glen Ridge. , served as a crew member of Apollo 11. , was a test pilot. Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963 is ,'s almaMater. , is retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born in was Glen Ridge. , served as a crew member of Apollo 11. , is retired. ,'s backup pilot was William Anders. , is operated by NASA.
Buzz Aldrin served as a crew member of Apollo 11. , is retired. , was born on the 15th of March 20,1930. ,'s backup pilot was William Anders. , is operated by NASA.
Alan Shepard served as a crew member of Apollo 14. , died in California. , is operated by NASA. , gemstone Benitoite The Senator representing , was Dianne Feinstein.
Alan Shepard United States. , died in California. , was born in New Hampshire. The number of ,'s awards are Navy Distinguished Service Medal. the , from the Navy is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold medal.
William Anders retired in 1969. , United States. , was a test pilot. , was born in British Hong Kong. , served as a crew member of Apollo 8.
Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup. , is located in Denmark. , is part of Central Denmark region. The leader of , is the name of Denmark. The language Faroese is spoken in ,.
The runway length of Adolfo Suárez Madrid is 4100.0. , is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas. , is 610 metres above sea level. , is operated by the ENAIRE. 14L/32R is the runway name of ,.
Agra airport is located in India. The runway length of , is 1818.0. , is operated by the Indian Air Force. , is 167.94 metres above sea level. The ICAO Location Identifier of , is VIAG.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force. , is located in Iraq. The runway length of , is 3990.0. The ICAO Location Identifier of , is ORAA. 08/26 is the runway name of ,.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force. The runway length of , is 3992.88. , is located in Al Anbar Province. The ICAO Location Identifier of , is ORAA. 08/26 is the runway name of ,.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force. The Lockheed AC-130 can be found ,. The transport aircraft for the , is the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III. , aircraft fighter is General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon. One of the noted , battles was the 1986 United States bombing of Libya.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force. One of the noted , battles was the Invasion of Grenada. The Lockheed AC-130 can be found ,. The transport aircraft for the , is the Lockheed C-130 Hercules. One of the noted , battles was the Operation Enduring Freedom.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae. The runway length of , is 733.0. , serves the city of Alderney. , is 88 metres above sea level. 08/26 is the runway name of ,.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan. The runway length of , is 3310.0. , is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. , serves the city of Lahore. 18L/36R. is the runway name of ,.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab Pakistan. The runway length of , is 2900.0. , is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. , serves the city of Lahore. 18R/36L is the runway name of ,.
County Regional Airport is 210 metres above sea level. The runway length of , is 1533.0. , is located in Maple Ridge Township. , serves the city of Michigan. , is located in United States.
County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township. The runway length of , is 1533.0. , serves the city of Michigan. , is 210 metres above sea level. 7/25 is the runway name of ,.
County Regional Airport is located in The location of Alpena. The runway length of , is 2744.0. , serves the city of Michigan. , is 210 metres above sea level. 1/19 is the runway name of ,.
County Regional Airport is located in The location of Alpena. , is 210 metres above sea level. The runway length of , is 1533.0. , serves the city of Michigan. , is located in United States.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo. , serves the city of Luanda. , is 159 metres above sea level. 05L/23R. is the runway name of ,. The runway length of , is 3800.0.
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens. , is located in Greece. The leader of , is Alexis Tsipras. The language is spoken in ,. The leader of , is Nikos Voutsis.
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens. , is located in Greece. The leader of , is Alexis Tsipras. The language is spoken in ,. The leader of , is Prokopis Pavlopoulos.
Atlantic City International Airport serves the city of Atlantic City. , is located in Egg Harbor Township. The leader of , is Don Guardian. , is part of New Jersey. , is located in United States.
Antwerp International serves the city of Antwerp. , is located in Belgium. The leader of , is Phillipe of Belgium. The leader of , is Charles Michel. is Brussels is the capital of ,.
The ICAO Location Identifier of Atlantic City International Airport is KACY. , is located in Egg Harbor Township. , is part of New Jersey. , is located in United States. , is part of Atlantic City.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of of Lake Placid. , serves the city of of Saranac Lake. , is part of New York. , is part of Harrietstown. , is located in United States.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of of Lake Placid. , serves the city of of Saranac Lake. , is part of Harrietstown. , is part of Essex County. , is located in United States.
Agra airport is located in Uttar Pradesh. , is operated by the Indian Air Force. , is part of Awadh. , is part of Bundelkhand. , has an aircraft-capable helicopter known as the HAL Light Combat Helicopter.
Agra airport is located in Uttar Pradesh. , is operated by the Indian Air Force. The leader of , is Ram Naik. , is part of Bundelkhand. , has an aircraft-capable helicopter known as the HAL Light Combat Helicopter.
Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah. , is located in Iraq. The leader of , is Haider al. The leader of , is Fuad Masum. The Arabic is spoken in ,.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland. , was completed in 1985. , is part of Cuyahoga County in Ohio. , is part of Ohio. , is located in United States.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in New York. The architectural style of the , is Postmodern architecture. The construction of , began in January 2014. , has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres. There are 12 floors at ,.
300 North La Salle is located in Chicago. The leader of , is Rahm Emanuel. , is located in United States. , is part of Illinois. is Springfield is the capital of ,.
Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Denmark. Marriott International is the tenant of AC ,. The language Faroese is spoken in ,. The leader of , is the name of Denmark. , was founded in Washington, D.C.
Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Denmark. Marriott International is the tenant of AC ,. The Greenlandic is spoken in ,. , was founded in Washington, D.C. Bill Marriott is the key person for ,.
Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Denmark. Marriott International is the tenant of AC ,. The leader of , is Lars Løkke Rasmussen. The Greenlandic is spoken in ,. , was founded in Washington, D.C.
Adare Manor is located in Republic of Ireland. The architect of , is Augustus Pugin. The leader of , is Enda Kenny. One of the significant buildings designed by , is the Palace Of Westminster. , was born in Bloomsbury.
Addis Ababa City Hall was completed in 1964. The Government of Addis Ababa is the current tenant of the ,. The construction of , began in 1961. , has a floor area of 140000.0 square metres. The height of , is 42 m.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan. There are 3 floors at ,. , is located in Akita. , is located in Akita Prefecture. The address of , is 142 Nakadori.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan. , is located in Akita. The leader of , is Tarō Asō. Chinese people are an ethnic group in the ,. , is part of Akita Prefecture.
Alan B Miller Hall is located in Virginia. The architect of , is Robert A.M. Stern. College of William & Mary is the owner of ,. The Mason School of Business is the current tenant of the ,. , is located in United States.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad. , is located in Gujarat. , is located in India. , is led by the Gujarat Legislative Assembly. The leader of , is Sumitra Mahajan.
Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka. , is in the state of Eastern Province. , is from the Ampara district region. The leader of , is Ranil Wickremesinghe. The leader of , is Austin Fernando.
Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka. , is in the state of Eastern Province. The leader of , is Ranil Wickremesinghe. Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of ,. ,'s governing body is Eastern Provincial Council.
The architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds is Julia Morgan. , was born in San Francisco. One of the significant buildings designed by , is the Los Angeles Herald-Examiner. Hearst Castle was a significant project of ,. One of the significant buildings designed by , is the Asilomar State Beach.
The architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds is Julia Morgan. , was born in San Francisco. One of the significant buildings designed by , is the Riverside Art Musuem. Hearst Castle was a significant project of ,. One of the significant buildings designed by , is the Asilomar State Beach.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City. , is located in United States. , is part of Manhattan. , is part of New Netherland. The leader of , is Cyrus Vance Jr..
The architect of 103 Colmore Row is John Madin. , was born in Birmingham. Antioch, , codes B postcode area. The leader of , is Labour politician. ,'s governing body is Birmingham City Council.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in United States. Washington is the capital of ,. , is led by the a title of President. The leader of , is John Roberts. The leader of , is Barack Obama.
11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in United States. , is located in Seminary Ridge. , is located in Adams County in Pennsylvania. , is in the state of Pennsylvania. The , was established in 2000. The , falls under the category of contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument falls under the category of contributing property. , is located in Adams County in Pennsylvania. , is East of west Franklin County, Pennsylvania. Carroll County, Maryland, Maryland is to the southwest of ,, Pennsylvania. Adams County, ,, north of Adams County. county Frederick, Maryland is to the southwest of ,, Pennsylvania.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is made from red granite and white marble. ,' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. , is located in Azerbaijan. ,' Memorial was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner. The leader of , is Artur Rasizade. Baku is the capital of ,.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is made from red granite and white marble. ,' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. , is located in Azerbaijan. Türk Şehitleri Anıtı is the native name of ,. ,' Memorial was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner. The leader of , is Artur Rasizade.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer was established in 1907. , is located in United States. The , falls under the category of the United States. The , Infantry Monument is located in the district of the Monocacy National Battlefield. , is in the state of Maryland. , is located in county Frederick.
Alan Bean United States. , was a test pilot. , was born on the 15th of March 1932. , was born in place is Wheeler. , spent 100305 minutes in space. , is retired.
Alan Shepard served as a crew member of Apollo 14. , died in California. , was born in New Hampshire. The number of ,'s awards are Navy Distinguished Service Medal. , is operated by NASA. the , from the Navy is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold medal.
Alan Bean served as a crew member of Apollo 12. , retired in in June. ,'s full name was "Alan La Vern Bean". ,'s backup pilot was Alfred Worden. , is operated by NASA. , was commanded by David Scott.
Buzz Aldrin was born in was Glen Ridge. , United States. , was chosen by NASA in 1963. , served as a crew member of Apollo 11. , was a test pilot. Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963 is ,'s almaMater.
Buzz Aldrin was born in was Glen Ridge. , served as a crew member of Apollo 11. , was born on the 15th of March 20,1930. Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963 is ,'s almaMater. ,'s backup pilot was William Anders. , is operated by NASA.
Buzz Aldrin was born in was Glen Ridge. , served as a crew member of Apollo 11. , United States. , was a test pilot. ,'s backup pilot was William Anders. , is operated by NASA.
Buzz Aldrin was born in was Glen Ridge. , was chosen by NASA in 1963. , served as a crew member of Apollo 11. , was a test pilot. Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963 is ,'s almaMater. , was born on the 15th of March 20,1930.
Alan Shepard died in California. The number of ,'s awards are Navy Distinguished Service Medal. , gemstone Benitoite Smilodon is a fossil from ,. The Senator representing , was Dianne Feinstein. the , from the Navy is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold medal.
William Anders retired in 1969. , United States. , was a test pilot. , was born in British Hong Kong. , served as a crew member of Apollo 8. M.S. in 1962 is ,'s almaMater.
William Anders retired in 1969. , served as a crew member of Apollo 8. , was born in British Hong Kong. ,'s backup pilot was Buzz Aldrin. Frank Borman was a member of the crew on ,. , is operated by NASA.
William Anders served as a crew member of Apollo 8. M.S. in 1962 is ,'s almaMater. , is retired. ,'s backup pilot was Buzz Aldrin. Frank Borman was a member of the crew on ,. , is operated by NASA.
Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Switzerland. The dean of the Accademia di , is Mario Botta. , is located in Mendrisio. The , was established in 1996. The academic staff at the , number 100. , is located in Ticino.
Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore. , is in the state of Karnataka. , is located in India. The number of post graduate students at the , is about 700. The campus address for the , is: Soldenvanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090. , is affiliated with the Association Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The president of Acharya Institute of Technology is B.M. Reddy. , is located in Bangalore. The , was established in 2000. , is located in India. The campus address for the , is: Soldenvanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090. , is affiliated with the Association Visvesvaraya Technological University.
School of Business and is located in Denmark. , is affiliated with the Association European University Association. The leader of , is Lars Løkke Rasmussen. , is led by the The Monarch of. In , the main religion is the of Denmark. The headquarters of the , is in Brussels.
The dean of the Accademia di School of Business and is Thomas Pallesen. , is located in Aarhus. , is located in Denmark. , is affiliated with the Association European University Association. The leader of , is Lars Løkke Rasmussen. The headquarters of the , is in Brussels.
AWH Engineering College is located in India. The , was established in 2001. , is in the state of Kerala. The largest city in , is Mumbai. The Ganges is a river in ,. The leader of , is Kochi.
Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. of which are Germans are an ethnic group in the ,. The leader of , is Klaus Iohannis. The patron Saint of , is Andrew the Apostle. Bucharest is the capital of ,. The anthem of , is called romane.
The academic staff at the School of Business and number 737. , is located in Aarhus. There are 16000 students at the Accademia di ,. , is located in Denmark. The , was established in 1928. The leader of , is Lars Løkke Rasmussen.
Ataturk Monument is' Memorial is made from red Bronze. , was in augurated on 1932-10-02. , is located in Turkey. The leader of , is Ahmet Davutoglu. Ankara is the capital of ,. The largest city in , is Istanbul. The currency of , is the Turkish lira.
Ataturk Monument is' Memorial was designed by Pietro Canonica Guner. ,' Memorial is made from red Bronze. , was in augurated on 1932-10-02. , is located in Turkey. , is led by the President of. The leader of , is Ahmet Davutoglu. Ankara is the capital of ,.
Ataturk Monument is was in augurated on 1932-10-02. , is located in Turkey. , is led by the President of. The leader of , is Ahmet Davutoglu. Ankara is the capital of ,. The largest city in , is Istanbul. The currency of , is the Turkish lira.
Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Switzerland. The dean of the Accademia di , is Mario Botta. There are 600 students at the Accademia di ,. The , was established in 1996. The academic staff at the , number 100. , is located in Mendrisio. , is led by the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland.
The president of Acharya Institute of Technology is B.M. Reddy. , is located in Bangalore. Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar is the director of the ,. The , was established in 2000. ,'s motto is Nurturing Excellence. , is located in India. , is in the state of Karnataka.
The All India Council for Technical Education was proud to give the Technical Campus status to the Acharya Institute of Technology. tennis is one of the sports offered at the ,. , is in the state of Karnataka. , is located in Mumbai. The sport , has a Governing Body called the International. , has to its northeast Telagana. , is East of Arabian Sea, Pennsylvania.
Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia. , is located in Romania. of which are Germans are an ethnic group in the ,. , is led by the Prime Minister. The leader of , is Klaus Iohannis. Bucharest is the capital of ,. The anthem of , is called romane.
The academic staff at the School of Business and number 737. The dean of the Accademia di , is Thomas Pallesen. , is located in Aarhus. , is located in Denmark. , is affiliated with the Association European University Association. The , was established in 1928. The leader of , is Lars Løkke Rasmussen.
School of Business and is located in Aarhus. , is located in Denmark. , is affiliated with the Association European University Association. , is governed by the Magistrates Council. , is led by the The Monarch of. The leader of , is Lars Løkke Rasmussen. The headquarters of the , is in Brussels.
School of Business and is located in Aarhus. , is affiliated with the Association European University Association. The dean of the Accademia di , is Thomas Pallesen. There are 16000 students at the Accademia di ,. , is located in Denmark. The Latin name of the 1 , is "Universitas Aarhusiensis". The , was established in 1928.
Alan Bean United States. , was a test pilot. , was born on the 15th of March 1932. Austin in 1955 is ,'s almaMater. , served as a crew member of Apollo 12. , was born in place is Wheeler. , is retired.
Alan Shepard is deceased. M.A. in 1957 is ,'s almaMater. , died in California. , was a test pilot. , was born in New Hampshire. , was chosen by NASA in 1959. , was born on the 15th of March 1923.
Alan Bean served as a crew member of Apollo 12. , United States. , was a test pilot. , was born in place is Wheeler. ,'s backup pilot was Alfred Worden. , is operated by NASA. , was commanded by David Scott.
Buzz Aldrin was born in was Glen Ridge. Edwin E. Aldrin Jr., Jr. was commonly known as ,. , was chosen by NASA in 1963. , served as a crew member of Apollo 11. , was a test pilot. Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963 is ,'s almaMater. , was born on the 15th of March 20,1930.
Buzz Aldrin was born in was Glen Ridge. , United States. , spent 52.0 minutes in space. , served as a crew member of Apollo 11. , was a test pilot. Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963 is ,'s almaMater. , was born on the 15th of March 20,1930.
Buzz Aldrin was born in was Glen Ridge. , United States. , served as a crew member of Apollo 11. The number of ,'s awards are 20. Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963 is ,'s almaMater. , was born on the 15th of March 20,1930. , is retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born in was Glen Ridge. , served as a crew member of Apollo 11. , is retired. , was born on the 15th of March 20,1930. , United States. , was chosen by NASA in 1963. , is operated by NASA.
Buzz Aldrin was born in was Glen Ridge. , served as a crew member of Apollo 11. , is retired. , United States. Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963 is ,'s almaMater. ,'s backup pilot was William Anders. , is operated by NASA.
William Anders retired in 1969. , United States. , is retired. , was born on the 15th of March 1933. , was a test pilot. , was born in British Hong Kong. , served as a crew member of Apollo 8.
William Anders retired in 1969. , served as a crew member of Apollo 8. , United States. , was born in British Hong Kong. ,'s backup pilot was Buzz Aldrin. Frank Borman was a member of the crew on ,. , is operated by NASA.
William Anders retired in 1969. , was chosen by NASA in 1963. , spent 8820.0 minutes in space. , was born on the 15th of March 1933. , was a test pilot. , was born in British Hong Kong. , served as a crew member of Apollo 8.
Aaron S. Daggett won the Purple Heart.
One of the noted Aaron S. Daggett battles was the Battle of Mine Run.
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam, Netherlands.
Abdul Rahman Ya'kub in Office While Vice President Tuanku Bujang Tuanku Othman
Abdul Taib Mahmud Noord is part of Parti Bumiputera Sarawak.
Abdul Taib Mahmud successor Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taib
Abdulsalami Abubakar active Years End Date 1999-05-29
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Minna.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State.
Abner W. Sibal active Years End Date 1965-01-03
Abner W. Sibal died in Alexandria, Virginia.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent.
Adam Holloway resides in the Gravesend.
University of Adelaide is Adenan Satem's almaMater.
Adolf Schärf was born in Mikulov.
Adonis Georgiadis in Office While Prime Minister Antonis Samaras
Adonis Georgiadis office (worked At, worked As) Deputy Minister for Development, Competitiveness and Shipping
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf.
Agnes Ward White was born in Marietta, Ohio.
Airey Neave active Years Start Date 1953-06-30
Airey Neave won the Military Cross.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London.
Airey Neave military Rank Lieutenant colonel
Airey Neave service Start Year 1935
Albert B. White Noord is part of Republican Party (United States).
Albert B. White spouse Agnes Ward White
Albert Jennings Fountain military Branch Union Army
Alberto Teisaire Argentina.
Alberto Teisaire profession Rear Admiral in the Argentine Navy
Alfons Gorbach died in Austria.
Alfred Moore Scales active Years Start Date 1875-03-04
One of the noted Alfred Moore Scales battles was the Battle of Chancellorsville.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Darien, Connecticut.
Alfred N. Phillips office (worked At, worked As) Mayor of Stamford, Connecticut
Allan Shivers active Years Start Date 1947-01-21
Allan Shivers military Branch United States Army
Allan Shivers successor Price Daniel
Alvah Sabin active Years Start Date 1853-03-04
Alvah Sabin Noord is part of Whig Party (United States).
American Civil War was commanded by Robert E. Lee.
The Austrian German is spoken in Austria.
Battle of Antietam was commanded by Robert E. Lee.
Battle of Cold Harbor is Part Of Military Conflict American Civil War
The leader of Buenos Aires is Gabriela Michetti.
Gulf War was commanded by Colin Powell.
John F. Kennedy predecessor Dwight D. Eisenhower
University of Vienna is Josef Klaus's almaMater.
Juan Carlos I of Spain predecessor Francisco Franco
Juan Perón Noord is part of Labour Party (Argentina).
The leader of Netherlands is Mark Rutte.
One of the noted United States Army battles was the Spanish–American War.
William M. O. Dawson was born in Bloomington, Maryland.
The 1955 Dodge is also known as Dodge Coronet.
1955 Dodge engine 230 (cubic inches)
A-Rosa Luna christening Date 2005-04-07
AIDA Cruises is located in Rostock.
AIDAluna is operated by AIDA Cruises.
AIDAstella christening Date 2013-03-16
AIDAstella was completed in 2013-03-11.
AIDAstella maiden Voyage 2013-03-17
AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises.
ALV X-1 launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport
The AMC Matador is also known as American Motors Matador.
ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) is Sold to the Netherlands 1 April 1948.
Abarth 1000 GT Coupé engine Straight-four engine
Acura TLX engine Honda K engine
Acura TLX layout AWD (vehicle)
Acura TLX related Mean Of Transportation Honda Accord
Acura TLX transmission 9-speed ZF 9HP automatic (V6)
Alfa Romeo 164 assembly Arese
Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Lancia Thema
Alfa Romeo 164 transmission 4-speed automatic (ZF 4HP18QE)
Alhambra builder Samuda Brothers
Alhambra ship Beam 8.3 m
Alhambra is Wrecked.
Alhambra top Speed 18.52
Alvis Speed 25 engine Straight-six engine
Alvis Speed 25 model Start Year 1937
American submarine NR-1 ship Draft 4.6 m
Antares (rocket) final Flight 2014-10-28
Antares (rocket) launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0
The leader of Argentina is Gabriela Michetti.
Ariane 5 launch Site Guiana Space Centre
Ariane 5 maiden Flight 2005-08-11
Aston Martin V8 body Style Convertible
Aston Martin V8 manufacturer Aston Martin
Aston Martin Virage manufacturer Aston Martin
Atlas II final Flight 1998-03-16
Atlas II launch Site Vandenberg Air Force Base
Audi was founded by August Horch Reith.
Audi A1 assembly Audi Brussels
Audi A1 related Mean Of Transportation SEAT Ibiza
Caterpillar Inc. is located in Peoria, Illinois.
Costa Crociere is located in Genoa.
De Soto Custom related Mean Of Transportation Chrysler Newport
Fiat Croma related Mean Of Transportation Alfa Romeo 164
Germany is inhabited by Germans.
The leader of Germany is Norbert Lammert.
The leader of Germany is Stanislaw Tillich.
Gruppo Bertone was founded by Giovanni Bertone Reith.
The headquarters of Guiana Space Centre are located in Kourou, French Guiana.
Honda K engine manufacturer Honda
The anthem of United States is called The Star-Spangled Banner.
Native Americans in the are an ethnic group in the United States.
Silvio Berlusconi is the chairman of A.C. Milan.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada.
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen.
Abel Hernández plays for Uruguay Olympic football team.
Abel Hernández plays for Uruguay national football team.
Abner (footballer) was born in Brazil.
Adam Maher was born in Diemen.
Adam Maher was born in Netherlands.
Adam Maher plays for Netherlands national under-17 football team.
Adam Maher plays for PSV Eindhoven.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Iraq national football team.
Akeem Adams was born in Point Fortin.
Akeem Dent former Team Atlanta Falcons
Akeem Priestley plays for Connecticut Huskies.
Al-Khor Sports Club play in the Qatar Stars League.
The manager of Al-Zawra'a SC is Basim Qasim.
Al Kharaitiyat SC position Qatar Stars League
Alaa Abdul-Zahra was born in Baghdad.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Sanat Mes Kerman F.C..
Alan Martin (footballer) plays for Hamilton Academical F.C..
Alan Martin (footballer) plays for Scotland national under-19 football team.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. was born on the 15th of March 1995-09-02.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. plays for Florida Panthers.
The height of Aleksander Barkov, Jr. is 1.905.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. play in the National Hockey League.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on the 15th of March 1989-02-24.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Amkar Perm.
Aleksandre Guruli was born in Batumi.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Samtredia.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for Georgia national under-21 football team.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.S. Roma.
Alessio Romagnoli played youth football for A.S. Roma.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba.
Alex Tyus play in the Turkish Basketball Super League.
Atlanta Falcons is located in Atlanta.
Boston Bruins general Manager Don Sweeney
Budapest is located in Hungary.
The language used in the is spoken in Canada.
The Slavey language is spoken in Canada.
Columbus Blue Jackets is located in Columbus, Ohio.
The manager of FC Karpaty Lviv is Oleh Luzhny.
The manager of FC Torpedo Moscow is Valery Petrakov.
Gábor Kubatov is the chairman of Ferencvárosi TC.
The Finnish language is spoken in Finland.
Italy national under-16 football team coach Daniele Zoratto
Maccabi Ashdod B.C. coach Zvi Sherf
Motherwell F.C.'s ground is in Fir Park.
Jean-Michel Aulas is the owner of Olympique Lyonnais.
St. Louis Rams is located in St. Louis.
Tennessee Titans is located in Nashville, Tennessee.
Aaron Bertram active Years Start Year 1998
Aaron Deer associated Band/associated Musical Artist The Horns of Happiness
Aaron Deer record Label Kill Rock Stars
Aaron Turner Librarians is in the genre of Avant-garde metal.
Aaron Turner Librarians is in the genre of Progressive metal.
Abradab background solo singer
Abradab was born on the 15th of March 1978-11-12.
Abradab was born in Poland.
Abradab Librarians is in the genre of Hip hop music.
Agustín Barboza Librarians is in the genre of Guarania (music).
Ahmet Ertegun was born in Istanbul, Turkey.
Alan Frew Librarians is in the genre of Rock music.
Albennie Jones associated Band/associated Musical Artist Sammy Price
Aleksandra Kovač background solo singer
Aleksandra Kovač was born in Yugoslavia.
Aleksandra Kovač Librarians is in the genre of Rhythm and blues.
Aleksandra Kovač Librarians is in the genre of Soul music.
Alex Day Librarians is in the genre of Synthpop.
Alfredo Zitarrosa associated Band/associated Musical Artist Héctor Numa Moraes
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Montevideo.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Uruguay.
Alfredo Zitarrosa record Label RCA Records
Alison O'Donnell active Years Start Year 1963
Alison O'Donnell Librarians is in the genre of Jazz.
Alison O'Donnell instrument Voice, bodhrán, percussion, autoharp
Allen Forrest was born on the 15th of March 1981-02-04.
Allen Forrest Librarians is in the genre of Pop music.
Alligator Records is located in Chicago.
Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Johnny Sansone
Anders Osborne Librarians is in the genre of Rhythm and blues.
Anders Osborne record Label Alligator Records
Andra (singer) Librarians is in the genre of Rhythm and blues.
Andrew Rayel active Years Start Year 2009
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Christian Burns
Andrew Rayel was born in Chișinău, Moldova.
Andrew White (musician) associated Band/associated Musical Artist Marry Banilow
Andrew White (musician) record Label B-Unique Records
Asunción is part of Gran Asunción.
Christian Burns instrument Guitar
Hip hop music music Subgenre Gangsta rap
Hip hop music stylistic Origin Funk
Indie rock stylistic Origin New wave music
Manchester is part of Greater Manchester.
Polydor Records is located in London.
RCA Records distributing Company Sony Music Entertainment
Rock and roll stylistic Origin Blues
Synthpop stylistic Origin Pop music
United Kingdom is inhabited by British.
(19255) 1994 VK8 density 2.0 (gram Per Cubic Centimetres)
(29075) 1950 DA discoverer Carl A. Wirtanen
(410777) 2009 FD absolute Magnitude 22.1
(410777) 2009 FD apoapsis 259776702.47055 (kilometres)
(66063) 1998 RO1 apoapsis 254989570.60815 (kilometres)
(66063) 1998 RO1 epoch 2013-11-04
1000 Piazzia escape Velocity 0.0252 (kilometre Per Seconds)
1001 Gaussia was formerly called the 1923 OAA907 XC.
1001 Gaussia maximum Temperature 165.0 (kelvins)
101 Helena apoapsis 441092000.0 (kilometres)
101 Helena epoch 2006-12-31
101 Helena mass 3.0 (kilograms)
1036 Ganymed average Speed 16.86 (kilometre Per Seconds)
103 Hera absolute Magnitude 7.66
103 Hera mass 7.9 (kilograms)
107 Camilla absolute Magnitude 7.08
107 Camilla discoverer A. Storrs
1089 Tama was formerly called the A894 VA; A904 VD;.
1089 Tama orbital Period 1202.846 (days)
1097 Vicia average Speed 17.92 (kilometre Per Seconds)
1097 Vicia epoch 2006-12-31
1097 Vicia rotation Period 95040.0
109 Felicitas discoverer Christian Heinrich Friedrich Peters
109 Felicitas periapsis 283326000000.0
10 Hygiea average Speed 16.76 (kilometre Per Seconds)
1101 Clematis periapsis 445895000000.0
110 Lydia epoch 2006-12-31
11264 Claudiomaccone temperature 173.0 (kelvins)
University of Michigan is James Craig Watson's almaMater.
N. R. Pogson was born in Nottingham.
Aaron S. Daggett won the Purple Heart. One of the noted , battles was the Battle of Fredericksburg.
One of the noted Aaron S. Daggett battles was the Battle of Gettysburg. , won the Purple Heart.
Abdul Taib Mahmud successor Abdul Rahman Ya'kub , has Deputy Stephen Yong Kuet Tze
Abdul Taib Mahmud Noord is part of Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. , was born in Kingdom of Sarawak.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Minna. Technical Institute, Kaduna is ,'s almaMater.
Abdulsalami Abubakar office (worked At, worked As) Chief of the Defence Staff (Nigeria) , was born in Niger State.
Abdulsalami Abubakar office (worked At, worked As) Chief of the Defence Staff (Nigeria) , successor Al-Amin Daggash
Abdulsalami Abubakar successor Olusegun Obasanjo , active Years End Date 1999-05-29
Abdulsalami Abubakar successor Olusegun Obasanjo , in Office While Vice President Mike Akhigbe
One of the noted Abner W. Sibal battles was the World War II. , was commanded by Joseph Stalin.
Abner W. Sibal military Branch United States Army One of the noted , battles was the Korean War.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent. Magdalene College, Cambridge is ,'s almaMater.
Adam Holloway resides in the Gravesend. , was born in Kent.
One of the noted Adam Koc battles was the World War I. , won the Virtuti Militari.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens. , office (worked At, worked As) Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Greece. , was born in Athens.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Greece. , office (worked At, worked As) Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf. , office (worked At, worked As) Parliamentary group leader
Airey Neave won the Military Cross. , unit Royal Artillery
One of the noted Airey Neave battles was the Battle of France. , active Years Start Date 1974-03-04
One of the noted Airey Neave battles was the Battle of France. , was commanded by Hugo Sperrle.
One of the noted Airey Neave battles was the World War II. , was born in Knightsbridge.
One of the noted Airey Neave battles was the World War II. , was commanded by Franklin D. Roosevelt.
One of the noted Airey Neave battles was the World War II. , was commanded by Joseph Stalin.
Albert B. White death Year 1941 , was born on the 15th of March 1856-09-22.
Albert B. White profession Politician , was born on the 15th of March 1856-09-22.
Albert Jennings Fountain died in Doña Ana County, New Mexico. , was born in New York City.
Albert Jennings Fountain in Office While Vice President Edmund J. Davis , died in New Mexico Territory.
Albert Jennings Fountain Noord is part of Republican Party (United States). , was born in New York City.
Alberto Teisaire office (worked At, worked As) Provisional President of the Argentine Senate , successor Isaac Rojas
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria. , was born in Austria-Hungary.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol (state). , was born in Austria.
Alfred Moore Scales office (worked At, worked As) Governor of North Carolina , successor James W. Reid (politician)
Alfred Moore Scales successor Daniel Gould Fowle Princeton University is ,'s almaMater.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Connecticut. , office (worked At, worked As) States House of Representatives
Alfred N. Phillips military Branch United States Army One of the noted , battles was the American Civil War.
One of the noted Allan Shivers battles was the World War II. , was commanded by Joseph Stalin.
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas. , office (worked At, worked As) Member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur)
Allan Shivers office (worked At, worked As) Member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur) , successor Ben Ramsey
Alvah Sabin was born on the 15th of March 1793-10-23. , office (worked At, worked As) Secretary of State of Vermont
Agnes Kant is located in Netherlands. The currency of , is the Euro.
Agnes Kant is located in Netherlands. The leader of , is Mark Rutte.
Albert B. White died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. , is located in United States.
Aaron Boogaard plays for Wichita Thunder. , was born in Saskatchewan.
Abel Hernández plays for Peñarol. The manager of , is Jorge Orosmán da Silva.
Abel Hernández plays for U.S. Città di Palermo. , plays for Peñarol.
Adam Maher plays for Netherlands national under-17 football team. , plays for AZ Alkmaar.
Adam Maher plays for PSV Eindhoven. , plays for Netherlands national under-17 football team.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Steel Azin F.C.. , plays for Al Shorta SC.
Akeem Adams plays for Ferencvárosi TC. The manager of , is Thomas Doll.
Akeem Adams plays for Trinidad and Tobago national football team. , plays for T&TEC Sports Club.
Akeem Ayers former Team New England Patriots , draft Pick 39
Akeem Ayers former Team Tennessee Titans , draft Pick 39
Akeem Dent birth Year 1987 , was born on the 15th of March 1987-09-27.
Akeem Priestley plays for Connecticut Huskies. , plays for Sheikh Russel KC.
Akeem Priestley plays for Ro PS. , plays for Sheikh Russel KC.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al-Khor Sports Club. ,'s ground is in Al Khor.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC. The manager of , is Amar Osim.
Alan Martin (footballer) plays for Hamilton Academical F.C.. , plays for Leeds United F.C..
Alan Martin (footballer) plays for Hamilton Academical F.C.. ,'s ground is in New Douglas Park.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. plays for Florida Panthers. , was born on the 15th of March 1995-09-02.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. plays for Florida Panthers. , was born in Tampere, Finland.
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow. The manager of , is Valery Petrakov.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow. , plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Tom Tomsk. , play in the Russian Football National League.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv. , plays for FC Dinamo Batumi.
Alex Plante birth Year 1989 , was born in Manitoba.
Alex Tyus plays for Pallacanestro Cantù. , was born on the 15th of March 1988-01-08.
Alex Tyus play in the Turkish Basketball Super League. , plays for Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C..
Alex Plante was born in Brandon, Manitoba. The leader of , is Conservative Party of Canada.
Adam Mc Quaid was born in Canada. The anthem of , is called O Canada.
Adam Mc Quaid was born in Canada. The language used in the is spoken in ,.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Dinamo Batumi. The manager of , is Levan Khomeriki.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow. ,'s ground is in Otkrytiye Arena.
Akeem Priestley plays for Ro PS. , play in the Veikkausliiga.
Akeem Adams plays for United Petrotrin F.C.. ,'s ground is in Palo Seco Velodrome.
Aaron Deer Librarians is in the genre of Psychedelia. , instrument Guitar
Aaron Deer origin United States , origin Indiana
Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist Twilight (band) , Librarians is in the genre of Electroacoustic music.
Aaron Turner instrument Singing , Librarians is in the genre of Avant-garde metal.
Abradab associated Band/associated Musical Artist Magik (rapper) , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kaliber 44
Abradab was born on the 15th of March 1978-11-12. , was born in Katowice.
Abradab was born in Katowice. , was born in Poland.
Ace Wilder Librarians is in the genre of Hip hop music. , stylistic Origin Disco
Ace Wilder record Label Warner Music Group , background solo singer
Agustín Barboza was born in Paraguay. , record Label Philips Records
Alan Frew Librarians is in the genre of Rock music. , music Fusion Genre Bhangra (music)
Alan Frew Librarians is in the genre of Rock music. , stylistic Origin Country music
Albennie Jones Librarians is in the genre of Jazz. , stylistic Origin Blues
Aleksandra Kovač Librarians is in the genre of Pop music. , background solo singer
Aleksandra Kovač Librarians is in the genre of Rhythm and blues. , stylistic Origin Blues
Aleksandra Kovač Librarians is in the genre of Soul music. , active Years Start Year 1990
Alex Day Librarians is in the genre of Synthpop. , stylistic Origin New wave music
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England. , birth Year 1872
Alfredo Zitarrosa background solo singer , Librarians is in the genre of Milonga (music).
Alfredo Zitarrosa background solo singer , Librarians is in the genre of Taquirari.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay. , died in Montevideo.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Uruguay. , was born in Montevideo.
Alfredo Zitarrosa Librarians is in the genre of Zamba (artform). , background solo singer
Alison O'Donnell associated Band/associated Musical Artist Plastik Mak , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Bajik
Alison O'Donnell Librarians is in the genre of Folk rock. , record Label Floating World Records
Alison O'Donnell Librarians is in the genre of Jazz. , instrument Voice, bodhrán, percussion, autoharp
Allen Forrest Librarians is in the genre of Hip hop music. , background solo singer
Andrew White (musician) Librarians is in the genre of Alternative rock. , music Subgenre Christian alternative rock
Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Phil Lesh and Friends , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Tab Benoit
Anders Osborne Librarians is in the genre of Rhythm and blues. , record Label Rabadash Records
Anders Osborne Librarians is in the genre of Rhythm and blues. , record Label Shanachie Records
Andra (singer) Librarians is in the genre of Pop music. , active Years Start Year 2000
Andra (singer) Librarians is in the genre of Rhythm and blues. , stylistic Origin Blues
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Christian Burns , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Jonathan Mendelsohn
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Jonathan Mendelsohn , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Mark Sixma
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Jwaydan Moyine , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Armin van Buuren
Andrew White (musician) Librarians is in the genre of Alternative rock. , stylistic Origin New wave music
Al Anderson (NRBQ band) Librarians is in the genre of Country music. , instrument Banjo
Andrew White (musician) record Label Polydor Records , is located in London.
(19255) 1994 VK8 escape Velocity 0.0925 (kilometre Per Seconds) , apoapsis 6603633000.0 (kilometres)
(410777) 2009 FD apoapsis 259776702.47055 (kilometres) , minimum Temperature 211.0 (kelvins)
(410777) 2009 FD periapsis 88234300000.0 , discoverer Spacewatch
(66063) 1998 RO1 epoch 2013-11-04 , escape Velocity 0.0999 (kilometre Per Seconds)
(66391) 1999 KW4 epoch 2004-07-14 , orbital Period 16244700.0
(66391) 1999 KW4 epoch 2004-07-14 , rotation Period 9953.28
101 Helena discoverer James Craig Watson , death Cause Peritonitis
1036 Ganymed average Speed 16.86 (kilometre Per Seconds) , apoapsis 611961000.0 (kilometres)
1036 Ganymed discoverer Walter Baade , was born in German Empire.
1036 Ganymed discoverer Walter Baade , Germany.
103 Hera discoverer James Craig Watson , death Cause Peritonitis
103 Hera discoverer James Craig Watson , Canada.
107 Camilla discoverer N. R. Pogson , was born in Nottingham.
1089 Tama epoch 2005-11-26 , was formerly called the A919 HA; 1927 WB;.
1089 Tama temperature 179.0 (kelvins) , apoapsis 373513000.0 (kilometres)
1097 Vicia epoch 2006-12-31 , periapsis 279142000000.0
109 Felicitas apoapsis 523329000.0 (kilometres) , temperature 170.0 (kelvins)
109 Felicitas epoch 2006-12-31 , periapsis 283326000000.0
109 Felicitas rotation Period 47487.6 , epoch 2006-12-31
10 Hygiea apoapsis 523951582.33968 (kilometres) , temperature 164.0 (kelvins)
10 Hygiea was formerly called the A900 GA. , epoch 2015-06-27
110 Lydia epoch 2006-12-31 , mass 6.7 (kilograms)
110 Lydia epoch 2006-12-31 , orbital Period 142603000.0
A-Rosa Luna ship Class Cruise ship , length 125800.0 (millimetres)
A-Rosa Luna ship Ordered 2004-01-22 , length 125800.0 (millimetres)
AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises. , is located in Germany.
AIDAluna is operated by AIDA Cruises. , is located in Rostock.
AIDAluna top Speed 40.744 , length 252000.0 (millimetres)
AIDAstella christening Date 2013-03-16 , length 253260.0 (millimetres)
ALCO RS-3 builder Montreal Locomotive Works , power Type Diesel-electric transmission
ALV X-1 diameter 1.524 (metres) , rocket Stages 2
AMC Matador assembly Kenosha, Wisconsin , model Years 1974
AMC Matador' Memorial was designed by Richard A. Teague Guner. , employer Chrysler
ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) length 192000.0 (millimetres) , is located in Argentina.
Alfa Romeo 164 assembly Milan , related Mean Of Transportation Saab 9000
Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Fiat Croma , assembly Italy
Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Lancia Thema , assembly Italy
Alvis Speed 25 manufacturer Alvis Car and Engineering Company , is located in Coventry.
Alvis Speed 25 transmission single plate clutch, separate 4-speed gearbox all-silent and all-syncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle , engine 4387.0 (cubic Centimetres)
Alvis Speed 25 transmission single plate clutch, separate 4-speed gearbox all-silent and all-syncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle , engine Straight-six engine
AMC Matador manufacturer American Motors , successor Eagle (automobile)
Antares (rocket) maiden Flight 2014-01-09 , launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport
ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) is located in Argentina. The leader of , is Gabriela Michetti.
Ariane 5 launch Site ELA-3 , manufacturer Airbus Defence and Space
Ariane 5 manufacturer Airbus Defence and Space Airbus Group is the parent company of ,.
Aston Martin V8 assembly United Kingdom , related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin RHAM/1
Aston Martin V8 manufacturer Aston Martin , successor Aston Martin Virage
Aston Martin V8 related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin DBS , successor Aston Martin Virage
Aston Martin V8 successor Aston Martin Virage , manufacturer Aston Martin
Atlas II final Flight 1998-03-16 , diameter 3.04 m
Atlas II launch Site Cape Canaveral Air Force Station , manufacturer Lockheed Martin
Audi A1 manufacturer Audi , belongs to the division of Audi e-tron.
Audi A1 manufacturer Audi , subsidiary Ducati
Audi A1 manufacturer Audi , subsidiary Quattro Gmb H
AIDAluna power Type Caterpillar Inc. Douglas R. Oberhelman is the key person for ,.
Antares (rocket) comparable Delta II , launch Site Vandenberg Air Force Base
Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) builder Finland The leader of , is Juha Sipilä.
American submarine NR-1 builder General Dynamics Electric Boat General Dynamics is the parent company of ,.
A-Rosa Luna power Type MTU Friedrichshafen Rolls-Royce Holdings is the owner of ,.
Aston Martin V8 assembly United Kingdom The leader of , is Elizabeth II.
Aaron S. Daggett won the Purple Heart. , was born in Maine. One of the noted , battles was the Battle of Fredericksburg.
Erasmus University Rotterdam is Ab Klink's almaMater. , Noord is part of Christian Democratic Appeal. , was born in Netherlands.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Kingdom of Sarawak. , successor Abdul Rahman Ya'kub , has Deputy Stephen Yong Kuet Tze
Abdul Taib Mahmud resides in the Sarawak. , was born in Kingdom of Sarawak. , Noord is part of Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State. Technical Institute, Kaduna is ,'s almaMater. , office (worked At, worked As) Chief of the Defence Staff (Nigeria)
Abdulsalami Abubakar successor Olusegun Obasanjo , military Branch Nigerian Air Force , in Office While Vice President Atiku Abubakar
Abdulsalami Abubakar successor Olusegun Obasanjo , military Branch Nigerian Army , in Office While Vice President Atiku Abubakar
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas. , office (worked At, worked As) Member of the Congress of Deputies , was born in Galicia (Spain).
Abel Caballero was born in Spain. , was born in Galicia (Spain). , Noord is part of Spanish Socialist Workers' Party.
One of the noted Abner W. Sibal battles was the World War II. , military Branch United States Army , was commanded by Joseph Stalin.
Abner W. Sibal office (worked At, worked As) Member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District , Noord is part of Republican Party (United States). , was born in Ridgewood, Queens.
One of the noted Adam Holloway battles was the Gulf War. , military Branch Grenadier Guards , was commanded by George H. W. Bush.
Adam Holloway Noord is part of Conservative Party. , was born in Faversham. Magdalene College, Cambridge is ,'s almaMater.
One of the noted Adam Koc battles was the Polish–Soviet War. , was born in Congress Poland. , was commanded by Leon Trotsky.
One of the noted Adam Koc battles was the Polish–Soviet War. , is Part Of Military Conflict Russian Civil War , was commanded by Leon Trotsky.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Greece. , office (worked At, worked As) Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally , was born in Athens.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Greece. , office (worked At, worked As) Minister for Health , was born in Athens.
Adonis Georgiadis in Office While Prime Minister Antonis Samaras , Noord is part of New Democracy (Greece). , colour Blue
Agnes Kant Netherlands. , office (worked At, worked As) House of Representatives (Netherlands) The leader of , is Mark Rutte.
Agnes Kant Netherlands. , Noord is part of Socialist Party (Netherlands). The leader of , is Mark Rutte.
Agnes Kant office (worked At, worked As) Member of the House of Representatives , was born in West Germany. Radboud University Nijmegen is ,'s almaMater.
One of the noted Airey Neave battles was the World War II. , active Years Start Date 1953-06-30 , active Years End Date 1979-03-30
One of the noted Airey Neave battles was the World War II. , active Years Start Date 1974-03-04 , active Years End Date 1979-03-30
Albert B. White death Year 1941 , was born on the 15th of March 1856-09-22. The , died in 1941-07-03, Texas.
Albert B. White spouse Agnes Ward White , successor William M. O. Dawson , was born in Marietta, Ohio.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island. , died in United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
Albert Jennings Fountain died in New Mexico Territory. , was born in New York City. , was born in Staten Island.
Albert Jennings Fountain died in United States. , was born in New York. , was born in Staten Island.
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires. ,'s governing body is Buenos Aires City Legislature. The leader of , is Horacio Rodríguez Larreta.
Alberto Teisaire profession Rear admiral , successor Isaac Rojas , was born in Mendoza, Argentina.
Alfons Gorbach died in Graz. , was born in County of Tyrol. , was born in Austria.
Alfred N. Phillips successor Albert E. Austin , was born in Connecticut. , office (worked At, worked As) Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district
Alfred N. Phillips successor Albert E. Austin , was born in Darien, Connecticut. , office (worked At, worked As) Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district
Allan Shivers office (worked At, worked As) Member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur) , Noord is part of Democratic Party. , successor Wilfred R. Cousins, Jr.
Alvah Sabin active Years End Date 1857-03-03 , is from the Vermont region. The largest city in , is Burlington, Vermont.
Alvah Sabin Noord is part of Whig Party (United States). , was born on the 15th of March 1793-10-23. The leader of , is Henry Clay.
Alvah Sabin Noord is part of Whig Party (United States). , was born in Georgia, Vermont. The leader of , is Daniel Webster.
One of the noted Albert Jennings Fountain battles was the American Civil War. , was born in United States. , was commanded by Abraham Lincoln.
One of the noted Alfred Moore Scales battles was the Battle of Fredericksburg. , is Part Of Military Conflict American Civil War , was commanded by Jefferson Davis.
Alfons Gorbach was born in County of Tyrol. , died in Austria. The leader of , is Doris Bures.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol (state). , died in Austria. The leader of , is Doris Bures.
Alfons Gorbach died in Styria. , died in Austria. The leader of , is Doris Bures.
One of the noted Aaron S. Daggett battles was the Battle of Salem Church. , was commanded by Robert E. Lee. , is Part Of Military Conflict American Civil War
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam. , Netherlands. The currency of , is the Euro.
Adam Koc Poland. The Polish language is spoken in ,. Kashubians are an ethnic group in the ,.
(19255) 1994 VK8 escape Velocity 0.0925 (kilometre Per Seconds) , mass 5.6 (kilograms) , apoapsis 6603633000.0 (kilometres)
(410777) 2009 FD orbital Period 39447000.0 , periapsis 88234300000.0 , discoverer Spacewatch
(66063) 1998 RO1 minimum Temperature -71.0 (degree Celsius) , maximum Temperature 500.0 (kelvins) , apoapsis 254989570.60815 (kilometres)
(66391) 1999 KW4 average Speed 37.16 (kilometre Per Seconds) , density 2.0 (gram Per Cubic Centimetres) , apoapsis 162164091.8388 (kilometres)
1000 Piazzia orbital Period 488160.0 , periapsis 352497000000.0 , epoch 2015-06-27
1001 Gaussia epoch 2015-06-27 , was formerly called the 1923 OAA907 XC. , periapsis 419113394.55312 (kilometres)
101 Helena mass 3.0 (kilograms) , escape Velocity 0.0348 (kilometre Per Seconds) , apoapsis 441092000.0 (kilometres)
1036 Ganymed discoverer Walter Baade , Germany. University of Göttingen is ,'s almaMater.
103 Hera discoverer James Craig Watson , epoch 2011-08-27 , died in Madison, Wisconsin.
103 Hera discoverer James Craig Watson , died in Madison, Wisconsin. , death Cause Peritonitis
103 Hera epoch 2011-08-27 , orbital Period 1622.213 (days) , apoapsis 437170000.0 (kilometres)
103 Hera escape Velocity 0.0482 (kilometre Per Seconds) , temperature 170.0 (kelvins) , apoapsis 437170000.0 (kilometres)
107 Camilla discoverer N. R. Pogson , was born in Nottingham. , England.
1089 Tama epoch 2005-11-26 , was formerly called the A894 VA; A904 VD;. , orbital Period 1202.846 (days)
1089 Tama epoch 2005-11-26 , periapsis 288749000000.0 , apoapsis 373513000.0 (kilometres)
1097 Vicia epoch 2006-12-31 , was formerly called the 1928 PC. , periapsis 279142000000.0
109 Felicitas epoch 2006-12-31 , mass 7.5 (kilograms) , orbital Period 139705000.0
109 Felicitas epoch 2006-12-31 , orbital Period 139705000.0 , apoapsis 523329000.0 (kilometres)
10 Hygiea average Speed 16.76 (kilometre Per Seconds) , orbital Period 5.57 (days) , apoapsis 523951582.33968 (kilometres)
10 Hygiea average Speed 16.76 (kilometre Per Seconds) , surface Area 837080.744 (square Kilometres) , apoapsis 523951582.33968 (kilometres)
10 Hygiea surface Area 837080.744 (square Kilometres) , apoapsis 523951582.33968 (kilometres) , temperature 164.0 (kelvins)
110 Lydia epoch 2006-12-31 , mass 6.7 (kilograms) , periapsis 377016000000.0
110 Lydia epoch 2006-12-31 , periapsis 377016000000.0 , apoapsis 440756000.0 (kilometres)
Aaron Bertram associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kids Imagine Nation , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Suburban Legends , Librarians is in the genre of Pop music.
Aaron Deer Librarians is in the genre of Indie rock. , origin Indiana , origin United States
Aaron Deer origin United States , Librarians is in the genre of Psychedelia. , origin Indiana
Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist Twilight (band) , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Greymachine , Librarians is in the genre of Black metal.
Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist Twilight (band) , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Greymachine , Librarians is in the genre of Drone music.
Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist Twilight (band) , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Mamiffer , Librarians is in the genre of Ambient music.
Aaron Turner Librarians is in the genre of Black metal. , instrument Electric guitar , music Fusion Genre Death metal
Aaron Turner Librarians is in the genre of Black metal. , instrument Singing , music Fusion Genre Death metal
Abradab associated Band/associated Musical Artist Magik (rapper) , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kaliber 44 , was born on the 15th of March 1978-11-12.
Abradab associated Band/associated Musical Artist Magik (rapper) , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kaliber 44 , origin Katowice
Ace Wilder Librarians is in the genre of Hip hop music. , stylistic Origin Funk , stylistic Origin Disco
Agustín Barboza was born in Asunción. , was born in Paraguay. The leader of , is Juan Afara.
Al Anderson (NRBQ band) associated Band/associated Musical Artist NRBQ , instrument Singing , Librarians is in the genre of Rock music.
Alan Frew Librarians is in the genre of Rock music. , stylistic Origin Country music , music Fusion Genre Bhangra (music)
Albennie Jones Librarians is in the genre of Jazz. , stylistic Origin Blues , music Fusion Genre Afrobeat
Albennie Jones Librarians is in the genre of Rhythm and blues. , was born in Errata, Mississippi. , derivative Disco
Aleksandra Kovač associated Band/associated Musical Artist Bebi Dol , associated Band/associated Musical Artist K2 (Kovač sisters duo) , Librarians is in the genre of Pop music.
Aleksandra Kovač associated Band/associated Musical Artist Bebi Dol , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kornelije Kovač , Librarians is in the genre of Pop music.
Aleksandra Kovač Librarians is in the genre of Rhythm and blues. , associated Band/associated Musical Artist K2 (Kovač sisters duo) , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kristina Kovač
Alex Day Librarians is in the genre of Synthpop. , stylistic Origin Pop music , stylistic Origin Disco
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England. , was born in Manchester. , died in Sidcup.
Alfred Garth Jones died in London. , was born in England. , United Kingdom.
Alfred Garth Jones died in London. , United Kingdom. , was born in Manchester.
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup. , was born in Manchester. The leader of , is Labour.
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup. , died in London. The leader of , is Boris Johnson.
Alison O'Donnell associated Band/associated Musical Artist Flibbertigibbet , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Mellow Candle , Librarians is in the genre of Folk music of Ireland.
Alison O'Donnell associated Band/associated Musical Artist Mellow Candle , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Flibbertigibbet , Librarians is in the genre of Folk music.
Alison O'Donnell Librarians is in the genre of Jazz. , instrument Voice, bodhrán, percussion, autoharp , derivative Funk
Alison O'Donnell Librarians is in the genre of Jazz. , record Label Static Caravan Recordings , derivative Funk
Allen Forrest was born in Dothan, Alabama. , Librarians is in the genre of Pop music. , background solo singer
Allen Forrest Librarians is in the genre of Rhythm and blues. , was born in Dothan, Alabama. , background solo singer
Andrew White (musician) Librarians is in the genre of Alternative rock. , music Fusion Genre Nu metal , stylistic Origin New wave music
Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Billy Iuso , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Tab Benoit , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kirk Joseph
Anders Osborne record Label Rabadash Records , Librarians is in the genre of Rock music. , music Fusion Genre Bhangra (music)
Andra (singer) associated Band/associated Musical Artist Puya (singer) , associated Band/associated Musical Artist CRBL , Librarians is in the genre of Dance-pop.
Andra (singer) Librarians is in the genre of Rhythm and blues. , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Andreea Bălan , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Marius Moga
Andra (singer) Librarians is in the genre of Rhythm and blues. , background solo singer , derivative Disco
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Christian Burns , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Jonathan Mendelsohn , Librarians is in the genre of Trance music.
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Jonathan Mendelsohn , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Bobina , Librarians is in the genre of Trance music.
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Jwaydan Moyine , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Christian Burns , Librarians is in the genre of House music.
Andrew White (musician) associated Band/associated Musical Artist Marry Banilow , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kaiser Chiefs , record Label Universal Records (defunct record label)
Aaron Bertram associated Band/associated Musical Artist Suburban Legends , Librarians is in the genre of Ska punk. , stylistic Origin Ska
Albennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi. , was born in United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
1955 Dodge engine V8 engine , transmission 3-speed automatic The , is also known as Dodge Coronet.
A-Rosa Luna ship Class Cruise ship , length 125800.0 (millimetres) , ship Ordered 2004-01-22
A-Rosa Luna ship Displacement 1850.0 (tonnes) , top Speed 24.0 , length 125800.0 (millimetres)
AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises. Costa Crociere is the owner of ,. , is located in Germany.
AIDAstella christening Date 2013-03-16 , ship In Service 2013-03-17 , length 253260.0 (millimetres)
ALCO RS-3 builder American Locomotive Company , engine Four-stroke engine , length 17068.8 (millimetres)
ALCO RS-3 builder American Locomotive Company , engine V12 engine , length 17068.8 (millimetres)
ALCO RS-3 builder American Locomotive Company , length 17068.8 (millimetres) , was founded in Schenectady, New York, D.C.
ALV X-1 country Origin United States African Americans are an ethnic group in the ,. , is inhabited by Americans.
ALV X-1 country Origin United States Native Americans in the are an ethnic group in the ,. Washington is the capital of ,.
ALV X-1 diameter 1.524 (metres) , rocket Stages 2 , total Launches 1
Abarth 1000 GT Coupé production End Year 1958 , body Style Coupé , engine Straight-four engine
Abarth 1000 GT Coupé wheelbase 2160.0 (millimetres) , width 1.55 , body Style Two door coupé
Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) ship Beam 21.2 , builder Helsinki , builder Arctech Helsinki Shipyard
Alfa Romeo 164 assembly Italy , related Mean Of Transportation Fiat Croma Rome is the capital of ,.
Alfa Romeo 164 assembly Italy , related Mean Of Transportation Lancia Thema Rome is the capital of ,.
Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Fiat Croma , assembly Arese , related Mean Of Transportation Lancia Thema
Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Fiat Croma , assembly Milan , related Mean Of Transportation Saab 9000
Alhambra ship Beam 8.3 m , length 63800.0 (millimetres) , ship Launch 1855-05-31
Alhambra ship Beam 8.3 m , ship Launch 1855-05-31 , is Wrecked.
Alvis Speed 25 manufacturer Alvis Car and Engineering Company , engine Petrol , was founded in Coventry, D.C.
AMC Matador manufacturer American Motors , contain Eagle (automobile) of fat. Roy D. Chapin, Jr. is the key person for ,.
Antares (rocket) manufacturer Yuzhnoye Design Office , comparable Delta II , country Origin United States
Antares (rocket) manufacturer Yuzhnoye Design Office , launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 , function Medium expendable launch system
Ariane 5 manufacturer Arianespace , launch Site ELA-3 , site Guiana Space Centre
Aston Martin V8 related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin DBS , assembly Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom , engine 5.3 (litres)
Aston Martin V8 related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin DBS , engine 5.3 (litres) , assembly United Kingdom
Atlas II country Origin United States , launch Site Vandenberg Air Force Base , launch Site Cape Canaveral Air Force Station
Atlas II country Origin United States Native Americans in the are an ethnic group in the ,. , is led by the a title of President.
Atlas II launch Site Cape Canaveral Air Force Station , country Origin United States , launch Site Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36
Audi A1 engine 1.2 (litres) , assembly Audi Brussels , body Style Hatchback
Audi A1 manufacturer Audi , related Mean Of Transportation SEAT Ibiza , related Mean Of Transportation Volkswagen Polo
AIDAluna power Type Caterpillar Inc. , was founded in California, D.C. , is located in Peoria, Illinois.
AIDA Cruises is the owner of AIDAluna. , power Type Caterpillar Inc. , is located in Illinois.
AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises. Costa Crociere is the owner of ,. , is located in Genoa.
Antares (rocket) comparable Delta II , launch Site Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2 , country Origin United States
Ariane 5 launch Site ELA-3 , site Guiana Space Centre The headquarters of , are located in French Guiana.
Ariane 5 launch Site ELA-3 , site Guiana Space Centre , is located in Kourou, French Guiana.
A-Rosa Luna builder Neptun Werft , is located in Rostock. , is located in Germany.
Atlas II country Origin United States , is inhabited by Americans. African Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
Aaron Hunt plays for Vf L Wolfsburg. , played youth football for Goslarer SC 08. , plays for SV Werder Bremen.
Aaron Hunt plays for Vf L Wolfsburg. , plays for SV Werder Bremen II. The manager of , is Dieter Hecking.
Abel Hernández played youth football for Central Español. , plays for Hull City A.F.C.. , plays for U.S. Città di Palermo.
Abel Hernández played youth football for Central Español. , plays for U.S. Città di Palermo. , plays for Peñarol.
Adam Maher plays for PSV Eindhoven. , was born in Netherlands. , plays for AZ Alkmaar.
Akeem Adams plays for United Petrotrin F.C.. , plays for W Connection F.C.. ,'s ground is in Palo Seco.
Akeem Ayers former Team Los Angeles Rams , draft Round 2 , draft Pick 39
Akeem Ayers former Team St. Louis Rams , draft Round 2 , draft Pick 39
Akeem Dent debut Team Atlanta Falcons , was born on the 15th of March 1987-09-27. , was born in Atlanta, Georgia.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra was born in Iraq. , plays for Shabab Al-Ordon Club. , plays for Iraq national under-20 football team.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC. , plays for Shabab Al-Ordon Club. ,'s ground is in Al Khor.
Alan Martin (footballer) plays for Hamilton Academical F.C.. , was born on the 15th of March 1989-01-01. , plays for Clyde F.C..
Alan Martin (footballer) plays for Motherwell F.C.. , plays for Accrington Stanley F.C.. ,'s ground is in Accrington.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. plays for Florida Panthers. , was born on the 15th of March 1995-09-02. , was born in Tampere, Finland.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. draft Team Florida Panthers , was born on the 15th of March 1995-09-02. , was born in Tampere, Finland.
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia. , was born in Soviet Union. The leader of , is Vladimir Putin.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on the 15th of March 1989-02-24. , plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar. , plays for FC Alania Vladikavkaz.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on the 15th of March 1989-02-24. , plays for Russia national football B team. , plays for FC Tom Tomsk.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for Olympique Lyonnais. , plays for AZAL PFK. ,'s ground is in Parc Olympique Lyonnais.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for Olympique Lyonnais. , plays for US Lesquin. ,'s ground is in Parc Olympique Lyonnais.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.C. Milan. , plays for Italy national under-16 football team. The manager of , is Siniša Mihajlović.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.C. Milan. , plays for U.C. Sampdoria. The manager of , is Siniša Mihajlović.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for Italy national under-16 football team. , plays for A.S. Roma. , coach Daniele Zoratto
Alessio Romagnoli plays for Italy national under-17 football team. , plays for U.C. Sampdoria. , was born in Italy.
Alex Plante was born in Brandon, Manitoba. The height of , is 1.9304. , plays for Anyang Halla.
The height of Alex Plante is 1.9304. , plays for Anyang Halla. , was born in Canada.
Alex Tyus play in the Euroleague. , plays for Maccabi Ashdod B.C.. , coach Zvi Sherf
Alex Tyus play in the Turkish Basketball Super League. , plays for Maccabi Ashdod B.C.. , coach Zvi Sherf
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Tom Tomsk. , plays for FC Spartak Moscow. ,'s ground is in Otkrytiye Arena.
Aleksandr Prudnikov played youth football for FC Spartak Moscow. , plays for FC Anzhi Makhachkala. ,'s ground is in Otkrytiye Arena.
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow. , played in the 2014–15 Russian Premier League season. The manager of , is Valery Petrakov.
Abel Hernández plays for Hull City A.F.C.. , plays for Uruguay Olympic football team. The manager of , is Steve Bruce.
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia. , was born in Moscow. The leader of , is Sergey Sobyanin.
Abner (footballer) plays for Brazil national under-20 football team. , plays for Real Madrid Castilla. The manager of , is Luis Miguel Ramis.
Abner (footballer) plays for Real Madrid Castilla. , plays for C.D. FAS. The manager of , is Luis Miguel Ramis.
Alex Tyus was born in St. Louis. , is part of Greater St. Louis. The leader of , is Francis G Slay.
Akeem Ayers former Team New England Patriots , debut Team Tennessee Titans , is located in Nashville, Tennessee.
Akeem Adams plays for Trinidad and Tobago national under-20 football team. , plays for United Petrotrin F.C.. ,'s ground is in Palo Seco.
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen. , plays for SV Werder Bremen II. The manager of , is Alexander Nouri. , play in the 3 Liga.
Abel Hernández plays for Peñarol. , played youth football for Central Español. , plays for Hull City A.F.C.. The manager of , is Steve Bruce.
Abel Hernández played youth football for Peñarol. , plays for Central Español. , plays for U.S. Città di Palermo. The manager of , is Jorge Orosmán da Silva.
Abel Hernández played youth football for Peñarol. , plays for U.S. Città di Palermo. The manager of , is Giuseppe Iachini. , play in the Serie.
Adam Mc Quaid was born in Prince Edward Island. , was born on the 15th of March 1986-10-12. The height of , is 94.8024 (kilograms). , birth Year 1986
Adam Mc Quaid draft Team Columbus Blue Jackets , plays for Boston Bruins. , is located in Columbus, Ohio. , general Manager Don Sweeney
Akeem Ayers former Team St. Louis Rams , was born on the 15th of March 1989-07-10. , debut Team Tennessee Titans , birth Year 1989
Akeem Dent birth Year 1987 , former Team Houston Texans , was born on the 15th of March 1987-09-27. , was born in Atlanta, Georgia.
Akeem Dent debut Team Atlanta Falcons , former Team Houston Texans , was born on the 15th of March 1987-09-27. , was born in Atlanta, Georgia.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al-Zawra'a SC. , plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC. ,'s ground is in Al Khor. The manager of , is Amar Osim.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC. , plays for Iraq national under-23 football team. ,'s ground is in Al Khor. The manager of , is Amar Osim.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC. , plays for Shabab Al-Ordon Club. ,'s ground is in Al Khor. The manager of , is Amar Osim.
Alan Martin (footballer) plays for Hamilton Academical F.C.. , was born on the 15th of March 1989-01-01. The height of , is 185.42 (centimetres). , plays for Crewe Alexandra F.C..
Alan Martin (footballer) plays for Scotland national under-21 football team. , was born on the 15th of March 1989-01-01. The height of , is 185.42 (centimetres). , plays for Crewe Alexandra F.C..
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on the 15th of March 1989-02-24. The height of , is 185.0 (centimetres). , plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar. , plays for FC Dynamo Moscow.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow. , was born on the 15th of March 1989-02-24. The height of , is 185.0 (centimetres). , plays for FC Rubin Kazan.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv. , was born in Batumi. The height of , is 178.0 (centimetres). , plays for FC Zestafoni.
Alex Plante birth Year 1989 , plays for Anyang Halla. , was born in Canada. , was born on the 15th of March 1989-05-09.
Alex Plante birth Year 1989 The height of , is 1.9304. , plays for Anyang Halla. , was born in Canada.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada. The anthem of , is called O Canada. The leader of , is Elizabeth II. The Inuktitut is spoken in ,.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada. The anthem of , is called O Canada. The leader of , is Elizabeth II. Asian Canadians are an ethnic group in the ,.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada. The anthem of , is called O Canada. The leader of , is Elizabeth II. The Slavey language is spoken in ,.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Terek Grozny. , plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar. ,'s ground is in Grozny. The manager of , is Rashid Rakhimov.
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow. , played in the 2014–15 Russian Premier League season. The manager of , is Valery Petrakov. Aleksandr Tukmanov is the chairman of ,.
Akeem Dent debut Team Atlanta Falcons , former Team Houston Texans , is located in Texas. , is located in Houston.
Abel Hernández played youth football for Peñarol. , plays for Hull City A.F.C.. , play in the Uruguayan Primera División. The manager of , is Steve Bruce.
(19255) 1994 VK8 epoch 2006-12-31 , orbital Period 8788850000.0 , periapsis 6155910000000.0 , apoapsis 6603633000.0 (kilometres)
(66063) 1998 RO1 epoch 2013-11-04 , orbital Period 360.29 (days) , escape Velocity 0.0999 (kilometre Per Seconds) , apoapsis 254989570.60815 (kilometres)
(66063) 1998 RO1 should be served 265.0 (kelvins). , apoapsis 254989570.60815 (kilometres) , epoch 2013-11-04 , orbital Period 360.29 (days)
1000 Piazzia epoch 2015-06-27 , orbital Period 488160.0 , periapsis 352497000000.0 , escape Velocity 0.0252 (kilometre Per Seconds)
1001 Gaussia discoverer Sergey Belyavsky , epoch 2015-06-27 , was formerly called the 1923 OAA907 XC. , periapsis 419113394.55312 (kilometres)
1036 Ganymed discoverer Walter Baade , was born in German Empire. University of Göttingen is ,'s almaMater. , doctoral Student Allan Sandage
1036 Ganymed discoverer Walter Baade , doctoral Student Halton Arp , was born in Preußisch Oldendorf. University of Göttingen is ,'s almaMater.
1036 Ganymed discoverer Walter Baade , doctoral Student Halton Arp , died in West Germany. University of Göttingen is ,'s almaMater.
103 Hera discoverer James Craig Watson University of Michigan is ,'s almaMater. , died in Madison, Wisconsin. , death Cause Peritonitis
103 Hera discoverer James Craig Watson , apoapsis 437170000.0 (kilometres) , Canada. , died in Madison, Wisconsin.
103 Hera discoverer James Craig Watson , Canada. , died in Madison, Wisconsin. , death Cause Peritonitis
107 Camilla discoverer N. R. Pogson , periapsis 479343000.0 (kilometres) , died in Chennai. , was born in Nottingham.
107 Camilla discoverer N. R. Pogson , discovered 2001-03-01 , died in Chennai. , was born in Nottingham.
1089 Tama epoch 2005-11-26 , was formerly called the A894 VA; A904 VD;. , orbital Period 1202.846 (days) , periapsis 288749000000.0
1089 Tama escape Velocity 0.0068 (kilometre Per Seconds) , orbital Period 1202.846 (days) , epoch 2005-11-26 , apoapsis 373513000.0 (kilometres)
1097 Vicia epoch 2006-12-31 , mass 9.8 (kilograms) , orbital Period 135589000.0 , apoapsis 511592000.0 (kilometres)
109 Felicitas epoch 2006-12-31 , orbital Period 139705000.0 , periapsis 283326000000.0 , escape Velocity 0.0473 (kilometre Per Seconds)
10 Hygiea epoch 2015-06-27 , was formerly called the A900 GA. , orbital Period 5.57 (days) , periapsis 416136000000.0
1101 Clematis epoch 2006-12-31 , escape Velocity 0.02 (kilometre Per Seconds) , orbital Period 183309000.0 , apoapsis 520906000.0 (kilometres)
1101 Clematis epoch 2006-12-31 , was formerly called the 1928 SJ. , orbital Period 183309000.0 , periapsis 445895000000.0
1101 Clematis escape Velocity 0.02 (kilometre Per Seconds) , orbital Period 183309000.0 , periapsis 445895000000.0 , epoch 2006-12-31
1955 Dodge engine V8 engine , manufacturer Dodge , transmission 3-speed automatic , wheelbase 120.0 (inches)
1955 Dodge related Mean Of Transportation De Soto Custom , related Mean Of Transportation Chrysler Newport , successor De Soto Firedome , manufacturer De Soto (automobile)
AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises. , builder Meyer Werft Costa Crociere is the owner of ,. , is located in Rostock.
AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises. , length 253260.0 (millimetres) , builder Meyer Werft Costa Crociere is the owner of ,.
ALCO RS-3 builder American Locomotive Company , build Date May 1950 - August 1956 , engine V12 engine , power Type Diesel-electric transmission
ALCO RS-3 builder American Locomotive Company , length 17068.8 (millimetres) , engine V12 engine , build Date May 1950 - August 1956
ALCO RS-3 builder American Locomotive Company , length 17068.8 (millimetres) , is located in United States. , was founded in Schenectady, New York, D.C.
ALCO RS-3 builder Montreal Locomotive Works , build Date May 1950 - August 1956 , engine V12 engine , power Type Diesel-electric transmission
ALCO RS-3 builder Montreal Locomotive Works , cylinder Count 12 , build Date May 1950 - August 1956 , engine Four-stroke engine
The AMC Matador is also known as American Motors Matador. , assembly Mexico City , body Style Station wagon , engine AMC V8 engine
The AMC Matador is also known as VAM Classic. , assembly Kenosha, Wisconsin , class is Mid-size car. , engine AMC straight-6 engine
Acura TLX assembly Marysville, Ohio , class is Mid-size car. , layout front-wheel drive / all-wheel drive , engine Honda K engine
Acura TLX assembly Marysville Auto Plant , engine V6 engine , layout Front-engine design , class is Luxury vehicle.
Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) builder Finland , ship Beam 21.2 , is In service. , builder Arctech Helsinki Shipyard
Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) builder Finland , builder Helsinki , is inhabited by Finns. The leader of , is Juha Sipilä.
Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) ship Beam 21.2 , is In service. , builder Helsinki , builder Arctech Helsinki Shipyard
Alfa Romeo 164 assembly Italy , related Mean Of Transportation Saab 9000 , engine Straight-four engine , related Mean Of Transportation Lancia Thema
Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Fiat Croma , assembly Italy , related Mean Of Transportation Saab 9000 , engine V6 engine
Alhambra ship Beam 8.3 m , length 63800.0 (millimetres) , ship Launch 1855-05-31 , is Wrecked.
Alvis Speed 25 manufacturer Alvis Car and Engineering Company , engine Petrol , was founded in Coventry, D.C. , successor Rover Company
Alvis Speed 25 manufacturer Alvis Car and Engineering Company , engine Straight-six engine , was founded in Coventry, D.C. , successor Rover Company
AMC Matador manufacturer American Motors , successor Eagle (automobile) , contain Chrysler of fat. Roy D. Chapin, Jr. is the key person for ,.
American submarine NR-1 ship Beam 3.8 m , ship Launch 1969-01-25 , top Speed 8.334 , builder General Dynamics Electric Boat
American submarine NR-1 ship Launch 1969-01-25 , top Speed 8.334 , length 45000.0 (millimetres) , ship Beam 3.8 m
Antares (rocket) manufacturer Yuzhnoye Design Office , final Flight 2014-10-28 , maiden Flight 2013-04-21 , launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0
Antares (rocket) manufacturer Yuzhnoye Design Office , maiden Flight 2013-04-21 , launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 , final Flight 2013-09-18
Aston Martin V8 assembly United Kingdom , successor Aston Martin Virage London is the capital of ,. , manufacturer Aston Martin
Aston Martin V8 related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin DBS , engine 5.3 (litres) , assembly United Kingdom , related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin RHAM/1
Aston Martin V8 related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin DBS , engine 5.3 (litres) , successor Aston Martin Virage , manufacturer Aston Martin
Atlas II diameter 3.04 m , final Flight 2002-12-05 , launch Site Vandenberg Air Force Base , launch Site Cape Canaveral Air Force Station
Audi A1 class is Supermini. , engine 1.2 (litres) , layout Front-engine, front-wheel-drive layout , assembly Audi Brussels
Audi A1 manufacturer Audi , was founded by August Horch Reith. , belongs to the division of Audi e-tron. , subsidiary Ducati
AIDA Cruises is the owner of AIDAluna. , power Type Caterpillar Inc. , is located in Illinois. , was founded in California, D.C.
AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises. , builder Meyer Werft Costa Crociere is the owner of ,. , is located in Genoa.
Antares (rocket) comparable Delta II , launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 , launch Site Cape Canaveral Air Force Station , country Origin United States
Antares (rocket) comparable Delta II , launch Site Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2 , launch Site Cape Canaveral Air Force Station , country Origin United States
Alfa Romeo 164 assembly Italy , related Mean Of Transportation Fiat Croma , body Style Sedan (automobile) , related Mean Of Transportation Opel Vectra
Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Fiat Croma , assembly Milan , body Style Sedan (automobile) , related Mean Of Transportation Opel Vectra
American submarine NR-1 ship Beam 3.8 m , builder General Dynamics Electric Boat General Dynamics is the parent company of ,. , is located in Groton, Connecticut.
A-Rosa Luna builder Neptun Werft , is located in Rostock. , is located in Germany. The leader of , is Stanislaw Tillich.
Atlas II country Origin United States Washington is the capital of ,. The language used in the is spoken in ,. African Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
Atlas II country Origin United States , is inhabited by Americans. Washington is the capital of ,. African Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
Aaron Bertram associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kids Imagine Nation , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Suburban Legends , Librarians is in the genre of Ska punk. , band Member Brian Robertson (trombonist)
Aaron Deer background solo singer , Librarians is in the genre of Psychedelia. , origin Indianapolis , origin Indiana
Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist Isis (band) , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Sumac (band) , Librarians is in the genre of Electroacoustic music. , instrument Singing
Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist Twilight (band) , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Old Man Gloom , Librarians is in the genre of Post-metal. , active Years Start Year 1995
Aaron Turner Librarians is in the genre of Black metal. , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Sumac (band) , instrument Electric guitar , music Fusion Genre Death metal
Ace Wilder background solo singer , birth Year 1982 , was born in Stockholm. , was born on the 15th of March 1982-07-23.
Ace Wilder background solo singer , birth Year 1982 , was born in Sweden. , was born on the 15th of March 1982-07-23.
Ace Wilder background solo singer , birth Year 1982 , was a Songwriter. , was born in Stockholm.
Ace Wilder background solo singer , birth Year 1982 , was a Songwriter. , was born in Sweden.
Ahmet Ertegun Librarians is in the genre of Rhythm and blues. , origin Washington , background non performing personnel , origin United States
Ahmet Ertegun Librarians is in the genre of Rock and roll. , origin United States , stylistic Origin Blues African Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
Albennie Jones active Years End Year 1950 , Librarians is in the genre of Rhythm and blues. , stylistic Origin Blues , derivative Disco
Albennie Jones Librarians is in the genre of Jazz. , was born in United States. , stylistic Origin Blues African Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
Aleksandra Kovač birth Year 1972 , Librarians is in the genre of Pop music. , was born in Belgrade. , background solo singer
Aleksandra Kovač Librarians is in the genre of Rhythm and blues. , background solo singer , birth Year 1972 , was born in Socialist Republic of Serbia.
Alex Day associated Band/associated Musical Artist Chameleon Circuit (band) , Librarians is in the genre of Acoustic music. , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Charlie Mc Donnell , active Years Start Year 2006
Alex Day associated Band/associated Musical Artist Chameleon Circuit (band) , Librarians is in the genre of Electronic music. , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Charlie Mc Donnell , active Years Start Year 2006
Alfred Garth Jones died in London. , was born in England. , was born in Manchester. , birth Year 1872
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo. , is located in Uruguay. The leader of , is Daniel Martínez (politician). , is inhabited by Uruguayans.
Alfredo Zitarrosa record Label RCA Records , was born in Uruguay. , Librarians is in the genre of Candombe. , background solo singer
Alison O'Donnell associated Band/associated Musical Artist Bajik , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Flibbertigibbet , Librarians is in the genre of Folk music. , active Years Start Year 1963
Alison O'Donnell associated Band/associated Musical Artist Mellow Candle , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Head South By Weaving , Librarians is in the genre of Folk music. , active Years Start Year 1963
Alison O'Donnell Librarians is in the genre of Jazz. , record Label Deram Records , record Label Floating World Records , is located in London.
Alison O'Donnell Librarians is in the genre of Jazz. , record Label Deram Records , record Label Fruits de Mer Records , is located in London.
Allen Forrest birth Year 1981 , Librarians is in the genre of Acoustic music. , was born in Fort Campbell. , background solo singer
Allen Forrest Librarians is in the genre of Hip hop music. , birth Year 1981 , was born in Fort Campbell, KY, raised in Dothan, AL. , background solo singer
Andrew White (musician) associated Band/associated Musical Artist Marry Banilow , Librarians is in the genre of Alternative rock. , music Fusion Genre Nu metal , stylistic Origin Punk rock
Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Billy Iuso , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Tab Benoit , Librarians is in the genre of Rock music. , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Galactic
Anders Osborne record Label Alligator Records , record Label Shanachie Records , Librarians is in the genre of Blues. , is located in Chicago.
Andra (singer) Librarians is in the genre of Dance-pop. , was a Singing. , was born in Romania. , background solo singer
Andra (singer) Librarians is in the genre of Rhythm and blues. , derivative Funk , stylistic Origin Blues , derivative Disco
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Christian Burns , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Jonathan Mendelsohn , Librarians is in the genre of Trance music. , active Years Start Year 2009
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Jwaydan Moyine , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Christian Burns , Librarians is in the genre of Trance music. , stylistic Origin House music
Andrew White (musician) associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kaiser Chiefs , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Marry Banilow , Librarians is in the genre of Alternative rock. , active Years Start Year 2003
Andrew White (musician) associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kaiser Chiefs , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Marry Banilow , record Label Universal Records (defunct record label) , active Years Start Year 2003
Agustín Barboza died in Asunción. , died in Paraguay. , is part of Gran Asunción. The leader of , is Juan Afara.
Al Anderson (NRBQ band) associated Band/associated Musical Artist NRBQ , associated Band/associated Musical Artist The Wildweeds , Librarians is in the genre of Country music. , instrument Banjo
Allen Forrest Librarians is in the genre of Hip hop music. , stylistic Origin Disco , stylistic Origin Funk , derivative Drum and bass
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England. , was born in Manchester. , is part of Greater Manchester. The leader of , is Labour.
Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist Twilight (band) , associated Band/associated Musical Artist House of Low Culture , Librarians is in the genre of Post-metal. , instrument Cello
Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist Twilight (band) , instrument Electric guitar , Librarians is in the genre of Black metal. , music Fusion Genre Death metal
Albennie Jones Librarians is in the genre of Rhythm and blues. , was born in United States. , stylistic Origin Blues African Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
One of the noted Aaron S. Daggett battles was the American Civil War. , won the Purple Heart. , died in West Roxbury. , was born in Maine.
One of the noted Aaron S. Daggett battles was the Battle of the Wilderness. , won the Purple Heart. , died in West Roxbury. , was born in Maine.
Erasmus University Rotterdam is Ab Klink's almaMater. , office (worked At, worked As) Ministry of Health, Welfare and Sport (Netherlands) , was born in Netherlands. , is affiliated with the Association Association of MBAs.
Abdul Taib Mahmud Noord is part of Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. , is from the Asajaya region. , resides in the Kuching. , was born in Miri, Malaysia.
Abdul Taib Mahmud resides in the Sarawak. , Noord is part of Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. , is from the Asajaya region. , was born in Kingdom of Sarawak.
Abdul Taib Mahmud successor Adenan Satem , resides in the Sarawak. , Noord is part of Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak. , was born in Japanese occupation of British Borneo.
Abdul Taib Mahmud successor Adenan Satem , resides in the Sarawak. , Noord is part of Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. , was born in Japanese occupation of British Borneo.
Abdulsalami Abubakar in Office While Vice President Mike Akhigbe , military Branch Nigerian Army , predecessor Oladipo Diya , successor Atiku Abubakar
Abdulsalami Abubakar in Office While Vice President Mike Akhigbe , successor Al-Amin Daggash , military Branch Nigerian Air Force , predecessor Oladipo Diya
Abel Caballero in Office While Monarch Juan Carlos I of Spain , in Office While Prime Minister Felipe González , was born in Galicia (Spain). , predecessor Francisco Franco
Abel Caballero office (worked At, worked As) Minister of Transport , was born in Galicia (Spain). , was born in Spain. , Noord is part of Spanish Socialist Workers' Party.
Abraham A. Ribicoff spouse Casey Ribicoff , was born in New Britain, Connecticut. , United States. Native Americans in the are an ethnic group in the ,.
One of the noted Adam Holloway battles was the Gulf War. , was born in Kent. , active Years Start Date 2005-05-05 Magdalene College, Cambridge is ,'s almaMater.
One of the noted Adam Koc battles was the Polish–Soviet War. , Poland. , was commanded by Joseph Stalin. The Polish language is spoken in ,.
One of the noted Adam Koc battles was the Polish–Soviet War. , died in New York City. , is Part Of Military Conflict Russian Civil War , was commanded by Joseph Stalin.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens. , was born in Greece. , office (worked At, worked As) Vice-President of New Democracy , successor Makis Voridis
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens. , was born in Greece. , office (worked At, worked As) Ministry of Economy, Development and Tourism (Greece) , successor Makis Voridis
Adonis Georgiadis office (worked At, worked As) Member of the Hellenic Parliament , was born in Athens. , was born in Greece. , successor Makis Voridis
Agnes Kant Netherlands. The currency of , is the Euro.
Agnes Kant Netherlands. , office (worked At, worked As) House of Representatives (Netherlands) , Noord is part of Socialist Party (Netherlands). The leader of , is Mark Rutte.
Agnes Kant Netherlands. The leader of , is Mark Rutte.
Agnes Kant Netherlands. , Noord is part of Socialist Party (Netherlands). , colour Red The leader of , is Emile Roemer.
One of the noted Airey Neave battles was the Battle of France. , was born in Knightsbridge, London. , active Years Start Date 1953-06-30 , active Years End Date 1979-03-30
One of the noted Airey Neave battles was the Battle of France. , was born in Knightsbridge, London. , active Years Start Date 1974-03-04 , active Years End Date 1979-03-30
Airey Neave unit Royal Artillery One of the noted , battles was the World War II. , garrison Hohne , was commanded by Chiang Kai-shek.
Albert B. White was born in Cleveland. , died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. , successor William M. O. Dawson , was born in Bloomington, Maryland.
Albert B. White successor William M. O. Dawson , was born in Cleveland. , active Years End Date 1905-03-04 , active Years Start Date 1901-03-04
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York. One of the noted , battles was the American Civil War. The French is a language is spoken in ,. , was commanded by Abraham Lincoln.
Albert Jennings Fountain died in Doña Ana County, New Mexico. , was born in New York City. One of the noted , battles was the American Civil War. , was commanded by Jefferson Davis.
Albert Jennings Fountain died in New Mexico Territory. , died in United States. , was born in New York. , was born in Staten Island.
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires. , Noord is part of Justicialist Party. , in Office While President Juan Perón The leader of , is Horacio Rodríguez Larreta.
Alberto Teisaire office (worked At, worked As) Provisional President of the Argentine Senate , profession Rear admiral , successor Isaac Rojas , was born in Mendoza, Argentina.
Alfred Moore Scales successor Daniel Gould Fowle , office (worked At, worked As) Governor of North Carolina , Noord is part of Democratic Party. , was born in Reidsville, North Carolina.
Alfred N. Phillips military Branch United States Army , was born in Connecticut. , office (worked At, worked As) Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district One of the noted , battles was the Whiskey Rebellion.
Alfred N. Phillips Noord is part of Democratic Party. , successor Albert E. Austin , was born in Connecticut. , office (worked At, worked As) Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district
Alfred N. Phillips Noord is part of Democratic Party. , successor Albert E. Austin , was born in Darien, Connecticut. , office (worked At, worked As) Mayor of Stamford, Connecticut
Allan Shivers Noord is part of Democratic Party. , successor Price Daniel , was born in Lufkin, Texas. , office (worked At, worked As) Governor of Texas
Allan Shivers Noord is part of Democratic Party. , successor Wilfred R. Cousins, Jr. , was born in Lufkin, Texas. , office (worked At, worked As) Governor of Texas
Alvah Sabin office (worked At, worked As) Secretary of State of Vermont , is from the Vermont's 3rd congressional district region. , is in the state of Vermont. The largest city in , is Burlington, Vermont.
Alvah Sabin Noord is part of Whig Party (United States). , is from the Vermont region. The leader of , is Daniel Webster. The largest city in , is Burlington, Vermont.
One of the noted Aaron S. Daggett battles was the Battle of Gettysburg. , won the Purple Heart. , is Part Of Military Conflict American Civil War , was commanded by Robert E. Lee.
Alberto Teisaire Argentina. , in Office While President Juan Perón The Spanish is spoken in ,. , Noord is part of Labour Party (Argentina).
Alberto Teisaire successor Isaac Rojas , was born in Mendoza, Argentina. , in Office While President Juan Perón , Noord is part of Labour Party (Argentina).
AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises. , builder Meyer Werft Costa Crociere is the owner of ,. , is located in Germany. Carnival Corporation & plc is the parent company of ,.
AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises. , ship Beam 32.2 , top Speed 38.892 , builder Meyer Werft , length 253260.0 (millimetres)
ALCO RS-3 builder American Locomotive Company , length 17068.8 (millimetres) , cylinder Count 12 , build Date May 1950 - August 1956 , engine Four-stroke engine
ALCO RS-3 builder American Locomotive Company , length 17068.8 (millimetres) , cylinder Count 12 , engine V12 engine , build Date May 1950 - August 1956
ALV X-1 country Origin United States Native Americans in the are an ethnic group in the ,. , is inhabited by Americans. Washington is the capital of ,. The anthem of , is called The Star-Spangled Banner.
The AMC Matador is also known as American Motors Matador. , assembly Thames, New Zealand , body Style Station wagon , class is Mid-size car. , engine AMC V8 engine
P&O (company) is the owner of Alhambra. , ship Beam 8.3 m , power Type Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes , builder Samuda Brothers , is located in London.
AMC Matador manufacturer American Motors , successor Eagle (automobile) , subsidiary Wheel Horse , contain Chrysler of fat. Roy D. Chapin, Jr. is the key person for ,.
American submarine NR-1 ship Launch 1969-01-25 , top Speed 8.334 , ship Draft 4.6 m , length 45000.0 (millimetres) , ship Beam 3.8 m
Antares (rocket) launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport , comparable Delta II , launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 , country Origin United States , associated Rocket Minotaur IV
Antares (rocket) manufacturer Yuzhnoye Design Office , final Flight 2014-07-13 , maiden Flight 2014-10-28 , launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 , diameter 3.9 (metres)
Antares (rocket) manufacturer Yuzhnoye Design Office , maiden Flight 2014-10-28 , launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 , diameter 3.9 (metres) , final Flight 2013-09-18
Ariane 5 final Flight 2009-12-18 , maiden Flight 2005-08-11 , manufacturer Airbus Defence and Space , launch Site Guiana Space Centre , diameter 5.4 (metres)
Ariane 5 launch Site ELA-3 , site Guiana Space Centre , is operated by Arianespace. The headquarters of , are located in French Guiana. , is located in Courcouronnes.
Aston Martin V8 related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin DBS , assembly Newport Pagnell , engine 5.3 (litres) , manufacturer Aston Martin , successor Aston Martin Vantage
Aston Martin V8 related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin DBS , body Style Coupé , engine 5.3 (litres) , related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin RHAM/1 , assembly Newport Pagnell
Aston Martin V8 related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin DBS , assembly United Kingdom , successor Aston Martin Virage The leader of , is Elizabeth II. , manufacturer Aston Martin
Audi A1 engine 1.2 (litres) , layout Front-engine, front-wheel-drive layout , assembly Brussels, Belgium , class is Supermini. , body Style Hatchback
Audi A1 manufacturer Audi , was founded by August Horch Reith. , subsidiary Ducati , belongs to the division of Audi e-tron. , subsidiary Lamborghini
AIDA Cruises is the owner of AIDAluna. , power Type Caterpillar Inc. , was founded in California, D.C. , was founded in United States, D.C. , is located in Peoria, Illinois.
AIDA Cruises is the owner of AIDAluna. , power Type Caterpillar Inc. , is located in Rostock. Douglas R. Oberhelman is the key person for ,. , was founded in United States, D.C.
AIDA Cruises is the owner of AIDAluna. , power Type Caterpillar Inc. Douglas R. Oberhelman is the key person for ,. , was founded in United States, D.C. , is located in Peoria, Illinois.
AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises. , builder Meyer Werft Costa Crociere is the owner of ,. , is located in Genoa. Carnival Corporation & plc is the parent company of ,.
Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) builder Finland , builder Arctech Helsinki Shipyard , is inhabited by Finns. The Sami languages is spoken in ,. The leader of , is Juha Sipilä.
A-Rosa Luna builder Neptun Werft , is located in Rostock. , is located in Germany. Berlin is the capital of ,. The leader of , is Joachim Gauck.
A-Rosa Luna builder Neptun Werft , is located in Rostock. , is located in Germany. The leader of , is Andreas Voßkuhle. Berlin is the capital of ,.
Atlas II country Origin United States , is inhabited by Americans. Washington is the capital of ,. The language used in the is spoken in ,. Native Americans in the are an ethnic group in the ,.
Abel Hernández played youth football for Peñarol. , plays for Central Español. , plays for U.S. Città di Palermo. The manager of , is Jorge Orosmán da Silva. , play in the Uruguayan Segunda División.
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia. , plays for FC Torpedo Moscow. , plays for Soviet Union national football team. The leader of , is Valentina Matviyenko. The manager of , is Valery Petrakov.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv. , plays for Olympique Lyonnais. The manager of , is Oleh Luzhny. Jean-Michel Aulas is the chairman of ,. ,'s ground is in Parc Olympique Lyonnais.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.C. Milan. , position Defender (football) , plays for U.C. Sampdoria. , play in the Serie. The manager of , is Siniša Mihajlović.
Alessio Romagnoli currentclub A.C. Milan , plays for Italy national under-17 football team. , plays for U.C. Sampdoria. The manager of , is Siniša Mihajlović. Silvio Berlusconi is the chairman of ,.
Abel Hernández played youth football for Central Español. , plays for Uruguay national football team. , plays for U.S. Città di Palermo. , play in the Uruguayan Segunda División. The manager of , is Giuseppe Iachini.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow. , plays for FC Amkar Perm. Sergey Rodionov is the chairman of ,. ,'s ground is in Otkrytiye Arena. The manager of , is Gadzhi Gadzhiyev.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow. , plays for FC Terek Grozny. Sergey Rodionov is the chairman of ,. ,'s ground is in Grozny. The manager of , is Rashid Rakhimov.
Aleksandr Prudnikov played youth football for FC Spartak Moscow. , plays for FC Terek Grozny. , plays for FC Dynamo Moscow. ,'s ground is in Grozny. The manager of , is Rashid Rakhimov.
Aleksandr Chumakov was born in Soviet Union. , plays for FC Torpedo Moscow. , plays for Soviet Union national football team. , played in the 2014–15 Russian Premier League season. The manager of , is Valery Petrakov.
Akeem Adams plays for Ferencvárosi TC. , plays for United Petrotrin F.C.. The manager of , is Thomas Doll. Gábor Kubatov is the chairman of ,. ,'s ground is in Palo Seco.
Akeem Adams plays for Ferencvárosi TC. , plays for United Petrotrin F.C.. The manager of , is Thomas Doll. Gábor Kubatov is the chairman of ,. ,'s ground is in Palo Seco Velodrome.
(19255) 1994 VK8 epoch 2006-12-31 , mass 5.6 (kilograms) , orbital Period 8788850000.0 , periapsis 6155910000000.0 , apoapsis 6603633000.0 (kilometres)
101 Helena discoverer James Craig Watson , discovered 1868-08-15 University of Michigan is ,'s almaMater. , Canada. , died in Madison, Wisconsin.
101 Helena discoverer James Craig Watson University of Michigan is ,'s almaMater. , state Of Origin Canada , died in Madison, Wisconsin. , death Cause Peritonitis
1036 Ganymed discoverer Walter Baade , died in Göttingen. , was born in German Empire. University of Göttingen is ,'s almaMater. , doctoral Student Allan Sandage
1036 Ganymed discoverer Walter Baade , doctoral Student Halton Arp , doctoral Student Allan Sandage , was born in German Empire. University of Göttingen is ,'s almaMater.
1036 Ganymed discoverer Walter Baade , Germany. , was born in German Empire. University of Göttingen is ,'s almaMater. , doctoral Student Allan Sandage
103 Hera discoverer James Craig Watson , discovered 1868-09-07 University of Michigan is ,'s almaMater. , Canada. , died in Madison, Wisconsin.
103 Hera discoverer James Craig Watson , periapsis 371240000.0 (kilometres) University of Michigan is ,'s almaMater. , Canada. , died in Madison, Wisconsin.
107 Camilla discoverer B. Zellner , orbital Period 2368.05 (days) , periapsis 479343000.0 (kilometres) , epoch 2006-12-31 , apoapsis 560937000.0 (kilometres)
107 Camilla discoverer C. Woods , orbital Period 2368.05 (days) , periapsis 479343000.0 (kilometres) , epoch 2006-12-31 , apoapsis 560937000.0 (kilometres)
107 Camilla discoverer F. Vilas , epoch 2006-12-31 , orbital Period 2368.05 (days) , periapsis 479343000.0 (kilometres) , apoapsis 560937000.0 (kilometres)
107 Camilla discoverer N. R. Pogson , absolute Magnitude 7.08 , died in Chennai. , was born in Nottingham. , England.
1089 Tama epoch 2005-11-26 , escape Velocity 0.0068 (kilometre Per Seconds) , was formerly called the A919 HA; 1927 WB;. , orbital Period 1202.846 (days) , apoapsis 373513000.0 (kilometres)
1101 Clematis epoch 2006-12-31 , escape Velocity 0.02 (kilometre Per Seconds) , mass 5.7 (kilograms) , orbital Period 183309000.0 , apoapsis 520906000.0 (kilometres)
11264 Claudiomaccone epoch 2005-11-26 , orbital Period 1513.722 (days) , periapsis 296521000.0 (kilometres) , apoapsis 475426000.0 (kilometres) , temperature 173.0 (kelvins)
Abdul Taib Mahmud Noord is part of Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. , is from the Asajaya region. , resides in the Kuching. , was born in Miri, Malaysia. , was born on the 15th of March 1936-05-21.
Abdul Taib Mahmud successor Adenan Satem , Noord is part of Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. , was born in Kingdom of Sarawak. , resides in the Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching, Sarawak. University of Adelaide is ,'s almaMater.
Abdulsalami Abubakar in Office While Vice President Mike Akhigbe , active Years End Date 1999-05-29 , predecessor Oladipo Diya , military Branch Nigerian Navy , successor Atiku Abubakar
Abdulsalami Abubakar successor Olusegun Obasanjo , in Office While Vice President Mike Akhigbe , active Years End Date 1999-05-29 , military Branch Nigerian Army , predecessor Oladipo Diya
Abraham A. Ribicoff United States. , Noord is part of Democratic Party. , was born in Connecticut. , office (worked At, worked As) Governor of Connecticut
Abraham A. Ribicoff office (worked At, worked As) United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare , Noord is part of Democratic Party. , died in New York City. , was born in Connecticut. , United States.
Abraham A. Ribicoff spouse Casey Ribicoff , was born in Connecticut. , United States. , died in New York. Native Americans in the are an ethnic group in the ,.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent. , office (worked At, worked As) Member of Parliament for Gravesham , active Years Start Date 2005-05-05 , military Branch Grenadier Guards Magdalene College, Cambridge is ,'s almaMater.
Adam Holloway Noord is part of Conservative Party. , was born in Faversham, Kent, England. , active Years Start Date 2005-05-05 , military Branch Grenadier Guards Magdalene College, Cambridge is ,'s almaMater.
Adonis Georgiadis in Office While Prime Minister Antonis Samaras , was born in Greece. , was born in Athens. , successor Makis Voridis , in Office While Prime Minister Konstantinos Mitsotakis
Agnes Kant Netherlands. , office (worked At, worked As) House of Representatives (Netherlands) The leader of , is Mark Rutte.
Agnes Kant Netherlands. , office (worked At, worked As) House of Representatives (Netherlands) , resides in the Doesburg. The leader of , is Mark Rutte. The leader of , is Khadija Arib.
Agnes Kant Netherlands. , resides in the Doesburg. The leader of , is Mark Rutte.
Albert B. White birth Year 1856 , death Year 1941 , was born on the 15th of March 1856-09-22. , died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. The , died in 1941-07-03, Texas.
Albert B. White spouse Agnes Ward White , was born in Cleveland. , died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. , successor William M. O. Dawson , was born in Bloomington, Maryland.
Albert B. White spouse Agnes Ward White , successor William M. O. Dawson , office (worked At, worked As) Governor of West Virginia , was born in Cleveland. , active Years End Date 1905-03-04
Albert B. White successor William M. O. Dawson , Noord is part of Republican Party (United States). , was born in Cleveland. , active Years End Date 1905-03-04 , active Years Start Date 1901-03-04
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires. , in Office While President Juan Perón The leader of , is Horacio Rodríguez Larreta. , spouse Eva Perón , Noord is part of Labour Party (Argentina).
Alberto Teisaire office (worked At, worked As) Provisional President of the Argentine Senate , profession Rear admiral , successor Isaac Rojas , was born in Mendoza, Argentina. , was born on the 15th of March 1891-05-20.
Alfons Gorbach died in Styria. , Noord is part of Austrian People's Party. , died in Graz. , was born in Tyrol (state). , was born in Austria.
Alfons Gorbach died in Styria. , Noord is part of Austrian People's Party. , died in Graz. , was born in Tyrol (state). , was born in Imst.
Alvah Sabin active Years End Date 1857-03-03 , is from the Vermont's 3rd congressional district region. , is in the state of Vermont. , died in Sycamore, Illinois. The largest city in , is Burlington, Vermont.
Alvah Sabin is from the Vermont's 3rd congressional district region. , was born in Georgia, Vermont. , is in the state of Vermont. , died in Sycamore, Illinois. The largest city in , is Burlington, Vermont.
Alfred Moore Scales is located in United States. One of the noted , battles was the Battle of Gettysburg. Native Americans in the are an ethnic group in the ,. , is Part Of Military Conflict American Civil War , was commanded by Jefferson Davis.
Alfred Moore Scales is located in United States. One of the noted , battles was the Siege of Petersburg. Native Americans in the are an ethnic group in the ,. , is Part Of Military Conflict American Civil War , was commanded by Jefferson Davis.
Alberto Teisaire Argentina. , in Office While President Juan Perón The Spanish is spoken in ,. , spouse Eva Perón , Noord is part of Labour Party (Argentina).
Aaron Bertram associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kids Imagine Nation , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Suburban Legends , Librarians is in the genre of Ska punk. , band Member Brian Robertson (trombonist) , stylistic Origin Punk rock
Aaron Deer Librarians is in the genre of Indie rock. , origin United States , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Wee Giant , background solo singer , origin Indiana
Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist Old Man Gloom , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Lotus Eaters (band) , Librarians is in the genre of Black metal. , origin United States , active Years Start Year 1995
Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist Twilight (band) , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Lotus Eaters (band) , Librarians is in the genre of Sludge metal. , origin Massachusetts , active Years Start Year 1995
Abradab associated Band/associated Musical Artist Magik (rapper) , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kaliber 44 , was born in Katowice. , was born in Poland. , was born on the 15th of March 1978-11-12.
Ace Wilder background solo singer , birth Year 1982 , was a Singing. , was born in Sweden. , was born on the 15th of March 1982-07-23.
Ace Wilder background solo singer , birth Year 1982 , was a Songwriter. , was born in Stockholm. , was born on the 15th of March 1982-07-23.
Ace Wilder Librarians is in the genre of Hip hop music. , music Subgenre Gangsta rap , stylistic Origin Funk , derivative Drum and bass , stylistic Origin Disco
Ace Wilder Librarians is in the genre of Hip hop music. , was born in Sweden. , stylistic Origin Funk , derivative Drum and bass , stylistic Origin Disco
Al Anderson (NRBQ band) associated Band/associated Musical Artist NRBQ , associated Band/associated Musical Artist The Wildweeds , was born in Windsor, Connecticut. , Librarians is in the genre of Rock music. , active Years Start Year 1966
Al Anderson (NRBQ band) associated Band/associated Musical Artist NRBQ , instrument Guitar , Librarians is in the genre of Rock music. , music Fusion Genre Bhangra (music) , stylistic Origin Country music
Alan Frew was a Musician. , origin Canada , was born in Coatbridge. , origin Newmarket, Ontario , background solo singer
Aleksandra Kovač background solo singer , birth Year 1972 , was born in Socialist Republic of Serbia. , Librarians is in the genre of Pop music. , music Fusion Genre Disco
Aleksandra Kovač Librarians is in the genre of Rhythm and blues. , associated Band/associated Musical Artist K2 (Kovač sisters duo) , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kornelije Kovač , background solo singer , active Years Start Year 1990
Alfred Garth Jones died in London. , was born in England. , United Kingdom. , was born in Manchester. , birth Year 1872
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup. , died in London. , was born in Manchester. , is led by the European Parliament. The leader of , is Boris Johnson.
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup. , died in London. , was born in Manchester. , is led by the European Parliament. The leader of , is Labour.
Alison O'Donnell associated Band/associated Musical Artist Flibbertigibbet , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Mellow Candle , Librarians is in the genre of Folk music of Ireland. , record Label Floating World Records , active Years Start Year 1963
Alison O'Donnell Librarians is in the genre of Jazz. , record Label Deram Records , record Label Stanyan Records , derivative Funk , is located in London.
Alison O'Donnell Librarians is in the genre of Jazz. , instrument Autoharp , derivative Funk , music Fusion Genre Afrobeat , stylistic Origin Folk music
Alison O'Donnell Librarians is in the genre of Jazz. , instrument Voice, bodhrán, percussion, autoharp , stylistic Origin Blues , derivative Funk , music Fusion Genre Afrobeat
Allen Forrest birth Year 1981 , Librarians is in the genre of Acoustic music. , was born in Dothan, Alabama. , background solo singer , was born in Fort Campbell.
Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Billy Iuso , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars , Librarians is in the genre of Rock music. , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Galactic , active Years Start Year 1989
Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Galactic , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Tab Benoit , Librarians is in the genre of Blues. , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Billy Iuso , active Years Start Year 1989
Andra (singer) birth Year 1986 , Librarians is in the genre of Dance-pop. , was born in Câmpia Turzii. , background solo singer , was a singer, Reality television judge.
Andra (singer) Librarians is in the genre of Rhythm and blues. , background solo singer , birth Year 1986 , was a Singing. , was born in Romania.
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Armin van Buuren , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Bobina , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Armin Van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano, Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose, Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin, Alexandra Badoi , Librarians is in the genre of Trance music. , stylistic Origin Pop music
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Christian Burns , Librarians is in the genre of Trance music. , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Armin van Buuren , was born in Chișinău, Moldova. , active Years Start Year 2009
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Jwaydan Moyine , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Bobina , Librarians is in the genre of Trance music. , was born in Chișinău, Moldova. , active Years Start Year 2009
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Jwaydan Moyine , instrument String instrument , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Christian Burns , Librarians is in the genre of Trance music. , associated Band/associated Musical Artist John Digweed
Andrew White (musician) associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kaiser Chiefs , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Marry Banilow , record Label B-Unique Records , record Label Polydor Records , active Years Start Year 2003
Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell. , Librarians is in the genre of Hip hop music. , stylistic Origin Disco , stylistic Origin Funk , derivative Drum and bass
Allen Forrest Librarians is in the genre of Hip hop music. , birth Year 1981 , stylistic Origin Disco , stylistic Origin Funk , derivative Drum and bass
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup. , died in London. , was born in Manchester. , is led by the Parliament of the United. The leader of , is Labour.
Agustín Barboza was born in Asunción. , died in Paraguay. Mestizo are an ethnic group in the ,. The leader of , is Juan Afara. The Spanish is spoken in ,.
Andrew White (musician) Librarians is in the genre of Alternative rock. , record Label B-Unique Records , record Label Polydor Records , music Fusion Genre Nu metal , is located in London.
Andrew White (musician) record Label Polydor Records , record Label Universal Records (defunct record label) , Librarians is in the genre of Alternative rock. , is located in London. , music Fusion Genre Nu metal
Al Anderson (NRBQ band) instrument Guitar , Librarians is in the genre of Rock music. , music Fusion Genre Bhangra (music) , stylistic Origin Country music , stylistic Origin Blues
Al Anderson (NRBQ band) Librarians is in the genre of Rock music. , stylistic Origin Blues , music Fusion Genre Bhangra (music) , stylistic Origin Country music , instrument Banjo
Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist Twilight (band) , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Old Man Gloom , instrument Electric guitar , Librarians is in the genre of Black metal. , music Fusion Genre Death metal
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo. , is located in Uruguay. The leader of , is Daniel Martínez (politician). The leader of , is Raúl Fernando Sendic Rodríguez. The Spanish is spoken in ,.
