Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene, Texas.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas.
18L/36R is the runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport.
Afonso Pena International Airport ICAO Location Identifier is SBCT.
Afonso Pena International Airport serves the city of Curitiba.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah.
The runway length of Al-Taqaddum Air Base is 3684.0.
14/32 is the runway name of Alderney Airport.
The runway length of Allama Iqbal International Airport is 3360.12.
Angola Amsterdam Airport Schiphol Airport 1st runway is Number 18.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol 5th runway Surface Type Asphalt
06/24 'Kaagbaan' is the runway name of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol.
Andrews County Airport is 973.0 metres above sea level.
The owner of Andrews County Airport is Andrews County, Texas.
The runway length of Andrews County Airport is 896.0.
The 1st runway at Angola International Airport Airport is made from Asphalt.
Antwerp International Airport is 12.0 metres above sea level.
Antwerp International Airport is operated by Flemish Government.
The runway length of Appleton International Airport is 2439.0.
The runway length of Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is 518.0.
Ashgabat International Airport ICAO Location Identifier is UTAA.
11/29 is the runway name of Ashgabat International Airport.
The owner of Atlantic City International Airport is South Jersey Transportation Authority.
13/31 is the runway name of Atlantic City International Airport.
Dutch language is spoken in Belgium.
Curitiba is part of South Region, Brazil.
Danes inhabit Denmark.
Fallujah is located in Iraq.
Greenville, Wisconsin is located in United States.
Greenville, Wisconsin is part of Grand Chute, Wisconsin.
Arabic is spoken in Iraq.
Madrid is located in Spain.
Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan is part of United States.
Sardar Ayaz Sadiq is the leader of Pakistan.
Port Authority of New York and New Jersey serves New Jersey.
Houston is the largest city in Texas.
One of the noted United States Air Force Air Force battles was the 1986 United States bombing of Libya of Grenada.
Boeing C-17 Globemaster III is a transport aircraft in the United States Air Force Air Force.
11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000.
Adams County, Pennsylvania has to its southeast Carroll County, Maryland
The leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade.
The leader of the United Azerbaijan is called Prime Minister of Azerbaijan.
Türk Şehitleri Anıtı is the native name of Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa.
The Postmodern architecture style of 250 Delaware Avenue falls under Brutalist architecture.
300 North La Salle is located in Chicago.
George Winkler was the architect of 320 South Boston Building.
The construction of 320 South Boston Building began in 1910.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen number Of Rooms 814
James Pain and George Richard Pain, was the architect of Adare Manor.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan.
The owner of Alan B. Miller Hall is College of William & Mary.
The address of Amdavad ni Gufa is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House has the reference number 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places.
Julia Morgan was the architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds.
Asilomar Conference Grounds architecture Arts and Crafts Movement and American craftsman Bungalows
Asilomar Conference Grounds was built in 1913.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City.
Buffalo, New York is part of Erie County, New York.
Byron Brown is the leader of Buffalo, New York.
County Limerick is part of Munster.
Críona Ní Dhálaigh is the leader of Dublin.
Mulatu Teshome is the leader of Ethiopia.
Indian people inhabit India.
One of the significant buildings designed by Julia Morgan is the Palace Los Angeles Herald-Examiner.
Live Nation Entertainment is located in Beverly Hills, California.
Manhattan is part of New York.
New York City is part of New Netherland.
Pacific Grove, California is part of California.
White South African are an ethnic group in the United South Africa.
Elizabeth II is the leader of United Kingdom.
The ISBN number of 1634: The Ram Rebellion is 01-4165-2060-0.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint.
1634: The Ram Rebellion is available in Print.
AIDS (journal) is located in United Kingdom.
The OCLC number of A Glastonbury Romance is 76798317.
A Glastonbury Romance is available in Hardcover.
English language is spoken in A Long Long Way.
A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane.
The ISSN number of Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg is 0025-5858.
Above the Veil was written by Garth Nix.
Above the Veil is available in Print.
The ISSN number of Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is 0567-7920.
The LCCN number of Addiction (journal) is 93645978.
The academic discipline of Addiction (journal) is Addiction.
English language is spoken in Aenir.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is located in United States.
English language is spoken in Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians.
The academic discipline of American Journal of Mathematics is Mathematics.
English language is spoken in Castle (novel).
Eric Flint was born in Burbank, California.
Farrar, Straus and Giroux is the parent company of the Macmillan Publishers Press.
One of John Cowper Powys notable works is Oliver A Glastonbury Romance.
Soho Press is located in United States.
Faber and Faber is the publisher of The Secret Scripture.
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United United States.
English language is spoken in United States.
A Glastonbury Romance preceded 1634: The Weymouth Sands Crisis.
The manager of A.C. Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran.
A.D. Isidro Metapán play in Salvadoran Primera División.
The full name of A.F.C. Blackpool is "Association Football Club Blackpool".
A.F.C. Blackpool ground is in The Mechanics,.
A.F.C. Blackpool ground is in Blackpool.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 ground is in Gubbio.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 has 5300 members.
AEK Athens F.C. ground is in Athens.
AEK Athens F.C. played in the 2014–15 Football League (Greece) season.
AZAL Arena is located in Baku.
AZAL PFK play in Azerbaijan Premier League.
AZ Alkmaar played in the 2014–15 Eredivisie season.
Akron, Ohio is located in United States.
Akron, Ohio is located in Summit County, Ohio.
The full name of Akron Summit Assault is "Akron Metro Futbol Club Summit Assault".
The leader of Amsterdam is Eberhard van der Laan.
Christian Panucci plays for Chelsea F.C..
Christian Panucci plays for Inter Milan.
Frank de Boer plays for FC Barcelona.
Gubbio is from the Umbria region.
The leader of Italy is Sergio Mattarella.
Jens Härtel plays for FC Sachsen Leipzig.
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez plays for FC Dallas.
Luciano Spalletti plays for Udinese Calcio.
Massimo Drago plays for A.S.D. S.S. Nola 1925.
Michele Marcolini plays for Atalanta B.C..
Michele Marcolini plays for Vicenza Calcio.
Peter Stöger plays for 1. FC Köln.
Rolando Maran plays for F.C. Bari 1908.
Marriott Jong Ajax is the tenant of Sportpark De Toekomst.
St. Vincent–St. Mary High School is located in United States.
1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in the state of Alba.
The president of Acharya Institute of Technology is B.M. Reddy.
Kerala has to its northwest Mahé, India
Mendrisio neighboring Municipality Meride
Bucharest is the capital of Romania.
The dean of School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is Mario Thomas Pallesen.
There are 16000 students at School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University.
Alan Bean is from the United United States.
Buzz Aldrin was a backup pilot of Apollo 8 12.
Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963 is Buzz Aldrin almaMater.
Buzz Aldrin was a part of the crew of Apollo 11 12.
Buzz Aldrin was chosen by NASA in 1963.
California gemstone Benitoite
Elliot See died 1966-02-28.
Elliot See died in St. Louis.
Elliot See Deceased retired.
April O'Neil was created by Kevin Eastman.
Bananaman is broadcast by BBC.
the full name of Ben Urich is "Benjamin Urich".
Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Jerry Ordway.
the full name of Bibbo Bibbowski is "Bo Bibbowski".
Bill Oddie was born in Lancashire.
Black Pirate is also known as Jon Valor.
John Buscema won Eisner Award.
Karl Kesel is from the United Americans.
Marv Wolfman won Kirby Award.
Peter Laird is from the United United States.
Scott Adsit was born in Northbrook, Illinois.
The area code of Albany, Georgia, Indiana is 229.
Albany, Oregon is part of United States.
The leader of the United Albuquerque, New Mexico is called Mayor.
The leader of the United Albuquerque, New Mexico is called New Mexico House of Representatives.
The leader of the United Albuquerque, New Mexico is called New Mexico Senate.
Amarillo, Texas, Texas has a total area of 233.9 (square kilometres).
Amarillo, Texas is part of Randall County, Texas.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Richland Township, Madison County, Indiana.
Angola, Indiana, Indiana is located at 324.0 above sea level.
The area code of Antioch, California, Indiana is 925.
Antioch, California is part of Contra Costa County, California.
Arlington, Texas, Texas has a population density of 1472.0 (inhabitants per square kilometre).
The leader of Atlanta is Kasim Reed.
Atlantic City, New Jersey, Texas has a total area of 44.125 (square kilometres).
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of New Jersey.
Attica, Indiana, Indiana is located at 166.0 above sea level.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama.
Auburn, Washington, Texas has a total area of 77.41 (square kilometres).
Austin, Texas is part of Texas.
Spanish language is spoken in California.
Dunwoody, Georgia is the largest city in De Kalb County, Georgia.
Fulton County, Georgia is located in United States.
Anderson, Indiana is the county seat of Madison County, Indiana.
Michigan is located in United States.
Detroit is the largest city in Michigan.
Orange County, California is located in United States.
Portland, Oregon is the largest city in Oregon.
Fort Worth, Texas is the largest city in Tarrant County, Texas.
The leader of United States is Barack Obama.
United States House of Representatives is located in United States Capitol.
Pecorino Romano is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce.
Chili pepper is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce.
White rice is an ingredient in Arròs negre.
Arròs negre is from the Catalonia region.
Arròs negre is from the Valencian Community region.
Ayam penyet is from the Singapore region.
Tomato is an ingredient in BLT.
Baked Alaska is from the Hong Kong region.
Bakewell pudding served Warm or cold
Bandeja paisa is located in Colombian cuisine.
Chicharrón is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa.
Bandeja paisa is from the Paisa Region region.
Barny Cakes serving Size 30.0 g
Batagor is a variation of Shumai.
The main ingredients of Batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce.
Shrimp is an ingredient in Batchoy.
Beef kway teow is from the Indonesia region.
Bhajji is also known as Bhaji, bajji.
Taro is an ingredient in Binignit.
Bionico is a variation of Cottage cheese.
Bionico is from the Jalisco region.
Chicken class is Bird.
The Indian rupee is the currency in India.
Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of India.
Indonesian language is spoken in Indonesia.
Aristóteles Sandoval is the leader of Jalisco.
Banyumasan people are an ethnic group in the United Java.
Malaysian Malay are an ethnic group in the United Malaysia.
Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico.
Spanish language is spoken in New York.
Shumai is located in China.
Peanut sauce is an ingredient in Siomay.
Malays (ethnic group) are an ethnic group in the United Sumatra.
David Cameron is the leader of United Kingdom.
11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000. , is categorised as Contributing property.
14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the district of Monocacy National Battlefield. The city nearest , is Frederick, Maryland, Maryland.
Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. , is located in Azerbaijan.
Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. Türk Şehitleri Anıtı is the native name of ,.
Akron, Ohio is located in United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United ,.
Albany, Oregon is part of Oregon. Salem, Oregon is the capital of ,.
The leader of the United Albuquerque, New Mexico is called United States House of Representatives. , is located in United States.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Texas. , is located in United States.
Anaheim, California is part of California. The leader of the United , is called United States House of Representatives.
Anaheim, California is part of Orange County, California. , is located in United States.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Adams Township, Madison County, Indiana. , is located in United States.
Antioch, California, Indiana is located at 13.0 above sea level. ,, Texas has a total area of 75.324 (square kilometres).
Arlington, Texas, Indiana is located at 184.0 above sea level. ,, Texas has a total area of 258.2 (square kilometres).
Arlington, Texas is part of Texas. , is located in United States.
Atlanta is located in United States. , is part of Georgia.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is located in United States. , is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is located in United States. Washington, D.C. is the capital of ,.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey. , is located in United States.
Atlantic City, New Jersey, Texas has a population density of 1421.2 (inhabitants per square kilometre). ,, Texas has a total area of 44.125 (square kilometres).
Auburn, Washington is part of Pierce County, Washington. , is located in United States.
Albany, Oregon is part of United States. Washington, D.C. is the capital of ,.
Amarillo, Texas is located in United States. Washington, D.C. is the capital of ,.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United ,.
Albany, Georgia is part of United States. Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in the United ,.
Auburn, Alabama is located in United States. Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in the United ,.
Akron, Ohio is located in United States. English language is spoken in ,.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in United States. The leader of the United , is called President of the United States.
Amatriciana sauce is located in Italy. Tomato is an ingredient in ,.
Arem-arem is located in Indonesia. Jusuf Kalla is the leader of ,.
Arrabbiata sauce is located in Italy. Italian language is spoken in ,.
Arrabbiata sauce is located in Italy. Sergio Mattarella is the leader of ,.
Chili pepper is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce. , is located in Italy.
Arròs negre is from the Valencian Community region. , is located in Spain.
Asam pedas is located in Indonesia. The main ingredients of , are Fish cooked in sour and hot sauce.
Ayam penyet is from the Malaysia region. , is located in Indonesia.
Bacon sandwich is a variation of BLT. , is a variation of Club sandwich.
Sausage is an ingredient in Bacon Explosion. The main ingredients of , are Bacon.
Bacon sandwich is also known as Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, bacon muffin. Bacon is an ingredient in ,.
Bacon sandwich is a variation of BLT. Bread is an ingredient in ,.
Baked Alaska is located in France. Sponge cake is an ingredient in ,.
Baked Alaska is located in France. Manuel Valls is the leader of ,.
Baked Alaska is located in United States. Meringue is an ingredient in ,.
Bakewell pudding is a variation of Bakewell tart. Fruit preserves is an ingredient in ,.
Bakso is located in Indonesia. Vermicelli is an ingredient in ,.
Celery is an ingredient in Bakso. , is part of the Apiaceae family.
Chicharrón is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa. , is located in Colombian cuisine.
Barny Cakes is located in France. Claude Bartolone is the leader of ,.
Batagor is located in Indonesia. Peanut sauce is an ingredient in ,.
Peanut sauce is an ingredient in Batagor. , is a variation of Siomay.
Beef kway teow is located in Singapore. Palm sugar is an ingredient in ,.
Beef kway teow is located in Singapore. Halimah Yacob is the leader of ,.
The main ingredients of Beef kway teow are Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil. , is located in Singapore and Indonesia.
Bhajji is located in India. Indian people inhabit ,.
Bhajji is located in India. T. S. Thakur is the leader of ,.
Binignit is located in Philippines. Igorot people are an ethnic group in the United ,.
The main ingredients of Binignit are Banana. , is located in Philippines.
The main ingredients of Binignit are Sweet potato. Banana is an ingredient in ,.
Bionico is located in Mexico. Enrique Peña Nieto is the leader of ,.
Bionico is from the Guadalajara region. Granola is an ingredient in ,.
Bionico is a Dessert. , is a variation of Cake.
Bakso is located in Indonesia. Joko Widodo is the leader of ,.
Batagor is a variation of Shumai. Shiitake is an ingredient in ,.
The runway length of Aarhus Airport is 2777.0. , is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A/S.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is 610.0 metres above sea level. , is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas.
The runway length of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is 3500.0. , is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh. , is part of Awadh.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq. The runway length of , is 3090.0.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Iraq. Arabic is spoken in ,.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by United States Air Force. One of the noted , Air Force battles was the Invasion of Grenada of Grenada.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport Airport is made from Poaceae. , class is Monocotyledon.
The runway length of Alderney Airport is 877.0. The 1st runway at , Airport is made from Asphalt.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan. Anwar Zaheer Jamali is the leader of ,.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan. The runway length of , is 2900.0.
The length of the first runway Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 3800 metres. , is -3.3528 metres above sea level.
The 1st runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol Airport is made from Asphalt. , is -3.3528 metres above sea level.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam. The runway length of , is 2014.0.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam. The runway length of , is 3300.0.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas. Houston is the largest city in ,.
The runway length of Angola International Airport is 3800.0. , serves the city of Luanda.
The runway length of Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is 597.0. , 3rd runway surface type is Poaceae.
The length of the first runway at Ashgabat International Airport is 12467 feet. , is 211 metres above sea level.
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines. , is Turkmenistan.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey. , is located in United States.
Atlantic City International Airport is operated by Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. 4/22 is the runway name of ,.
The runway length of Atlantic City International Airport is 3048.0. , is operated by Port Authority of New York and New Jersey.
Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero. , is located in Brasília.
1. FC Magdeburg has 27250 members. , played in the 2014–15 Regionalliga season.
A.C. Chievo Verona ground is in Verona, Italy. , has 39371 members.
The manager of A.C. Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran. Michele , was born in Italy.
The manager of A.D. Isidro Metapán is Jorge Humberto Rodríguez. , plays for FC Dallas.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members. , played in the 2014–15 A EPSTH, Greece season.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer). , plays for Blackburn Rovers F.C..
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer). , plays for Irlam Town F.C..
A.F.C. Fylde has 3180 members. , ground is in Lancashire.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 has 5300 members. , ground is in Gubbio.
A.S. Livorno Calcio ground is in Livorno. , play in Serie B.
The manager of A.S. Livorno Calcio is Christian Panucci. , plays for A.S. Roma.
The manager of ACF Fiorentina is Paulo Sousa. , plays for Juventus F.C..
ACF Fiorentina has 47290 members. The full name of , is "ACF Fiorentina S.p.A.".
AEK Athens F.C. ground is in Greece. , has 69618 members.
AEK Athens F.C. ground is in Olympic Stadium (Athens). , play in Superleague Greece.
AFC Ajax (amateurs) ground is in Sportpark De Toekomst. Marriott Jong Ajax is the tenant of ,.
AZAL PFK ground is in AZAL Arena. , is located in Shuvalan, Baku, Azerbaijan.
Akron Summit Assault played in the 2011 PDL season season. , has 3000 members.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 ground is in Gubbio. , is from the Umbria region.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 ground is in Italy. The leader of , is Pietro Grasso.
The manager of A.S. Roma is Luciano Spalletti. , plays for Empoli F.C..
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was written by Eric Flint. The Grantville Gazettes preceded 1634: The , Crisis.
1634: The Ram Rebellion is available in E-book. , was written by Virginia De Marce.
AIP Advances is 2158. , is abbreviated AIP Adv.. Pol.
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J. V. Jones. , is available in Print.
A Fortress of Grey Ice has 672 pages. The ISBN number of , is 00-7653-0633-6.
The novel A Glastonbury Romance is followed by Weymouth Sands. , was written by John Cowper Powys.
The OCLC number of A Long Long Way is 57392246. , is available in Print & Paperback.
A Long Long Way has 292 pages. The ISBN number of , is 00-670-03380-4.
Viking Press is the publisher of A Long Long Way. , is the parent company of the Penguin Random House Press.
A Loyal Character Dancer was written by Qiu Xiaolong. , is available in Print.
The OCLC number of A Severed Wasp is 8805735. The ISBN number of , is 00-374-26131-8.
The OCLC number of A Severed Wasp is 8805735. , is available in Hardcover.
English language is spoken in A Severed Wasp. , is spoken in Great Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp is available in Print. The ISBN number of , is 00-374-26131-8.
Springer Science+Business Media is the publisher of Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg. The founder of , is Julius Springer.
The ISBN number of Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is 00-439-92550-9. The literary genre of , the Evil Librarians is Fantasy literature.
The OCLC number of Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is 78771100. The ISBN number of , is 00-439-92550-9.
The novel Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is followed by Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener's Bones. , was written by Brandon Sanderson.
The academic discipline of American Journal of Mathematics is Mathematics. , is abbreviated Am. J. Math.. Pol.
Johns Hopkins University Press is the publisher of American Journal of Mathematics. , is the parent company of the Johns Hopkins University Press.
1634: The Ram Rebellion is located in United States. Washington, D.C. is the capital of ,.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is located in United States. Washington, D.C. is the capital of ,.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is located in United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United ,.
A Wizard of Mars is located in United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United ,.
A Wizard of Mars is located in United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United ,.
1 Decembrie 1918 University is nicknamed Uab. , is located in the state of Alba.
Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. , is located in the city of Belgaum.
The president of Acharya Institute of Technology is B.M. Reddy. , is located in the city of Bangalore.
All India Council for Technical Education was proud to give the Technical Campus status to Acharya Institute of Technology. , is located in Mumbai.
AWH Engineering College is located in the state of Kerala. Kochi is the leader of ,.
April O'Neil was created by Peter Laird. , is from the United United States.
Bananaman is broadcast by BBC. Jill Shilling starred in ,.
Graeme Garden starred in Bananaman. , is broadcast by STV.
Tim Brooke-Taylor starred in Bananaman. , was born in Derbyshire.
Big Hero 6 (film) was Baymax's first film appearance. Alan Tudyk starred in ,.
Big Hero 6 (film) was Baymax's first film appearance. Scott Adsit starred in ,.
Baymax is a character Big Hero 6 (film). , was created by Steven T. Seagle.
Ben Urich was created by Roger Mc Kenzie (comic book writer). the full name of , is "Benjamin Urich".
Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Jerry Ordway. , was created by Marv Wolfman.
Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Marv Wolfman. the full name of , is "Bo Bibbowski".
Alan Bean was born on 1932-03-15. , Retired retired.
Alan Shepard Deceased retired. , was a test Test pilot.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. , was born on 1930-01-20.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. , is part of Essex County, New Jersey.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong. , was a part of the crew of Apollo 8 12.
William Anders Retired retired. AFIT, M.S. 1962 is , almaMater.
108 St Georges Terrace has 50 floors. , was completed in 1988.
200 Public Square has 45 floors. , is located in United States.
20 Fenchurch Street has 34 floors. , has a floor area of 62145.3 (square metres).
300 North La Salle is located in Chicago. , has 60 floors.
George Winkler was the architect of 320 South Boston Building. , is located in United States.
3Arena is located in East Link Bridge. HOK SVE was the architect of ,.
3Arena is located in Dublin. Populous (company) was the architect of ,.
Marriott Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen. , is located in Copenhagen.
George Richard Pain was the architect of Adare Manor. , was completed in 1862.
Adare Manor is located in Adare. , is located in County Limerick.
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Ethiopia. , is located in Addis Ababa.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka. The Tudor Revival architecture style of , falls under Brutalist architecture.
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka. The Tudor Revival architecture style of , falls under Brutalist architecture.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan. Brazilians in Japan are an ethnic group in the United ,.
Akita Museum of Art has 3 floors. The address of , is 1-4-2 Nakadori.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat. The address of , is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road.
Ampara Hospital is located in the state of Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. Austin Fernando is the leader of ,.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City. , is located in United States.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City. , is part of Brooklyn.
Adare Manor is located in County Limerick. , is part of Munster.
3Arena is located in Dublin. , is part of Republic of Ireland.
Alan Bean is from the United United States. , was born in Wheeler, Texas. , Retired retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. , is from the United United States. Joe Biden is the leader of ,.
Buzz Aldrin is from the United United States. , was chosen by NASA in 1963. Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963 is , almaMater.
University of Texas at Austin is Elliot See almaMater. , was born in Dallas. , is from the United United States.
University of Texas at Austin is Elliot See almaMater. , died in St. Louis. , was chosen by NASA in 1962.
University of Texas at Austin is Elliot See almaMater. , died in St. Louis. Francis G. Slay is the leader of ,.
Elliot See died in St. Louis. , died 1966-02-28. , is part of Kingdom of France.
Alan Shepard spent 13017.0(minutes) in space. , was born in New Hampshire. The Purple finch finch is a native bird to New ,.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis has 448 pages. , was written by Virginia De Marce and Eric Flint. , is available in Print.
English language is spoken in 1634: The Ram Rebellion. 1634: The Galileo Affair preceded 1634: The , Crisis. , is spoken in Great Great Britain.
Association for Computing Machinery is the publisher of ACM Transactions on Information Systems. Alexander L. Wolf is the leader of ,. , is New York City.
The academic discipline of AIDS (journal) is HIV. The academic discipline of , is HIV/AIDS. The ISSN number of , is 0269-9370.
The academic discipline of AIDS (journal) is HIV. The academic discipline of , is HIV/AIDS. The ISSN number of , is 1473-5571.
AIP AIP Advances editors include the following: A.T. Charlie Johnson. , resides in the United United States. Stanford University is , almaMater.
The OCLC number of A Fortress of Grey Ice is 51969173. , was written by J. V. Jones. The ISBN number of , is 00-7653-0633-6.
A Loyal Character Dancer was written by Qiu Xiaolong. The OCLC number of , is 49805501. The ISBN number of , is 01-56947-301-3.
English language is spoken in A Loyal Character Dancer. Soho Press is the publisher of ,. , is located in United States.
English language is spoken in A Severed Wasp. , is located in United States. , is spoken in Great Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp has 388 pages. The OCLC number of , is 8805735. , is available in Hardcover.
The ISSN number of Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg is 1865-8784. The LCCN number of , is 32024459. , is abbreviated Abh. Math. Semin. Univ. Hambg.. Pol.
English language is spoken in Aenir. The novel , is followed by Above the Veil. , is located in Australians.
Aenir was written by Garth Nix. The novel , is followed by Above the Veil. English language is spoken in ,.
Above the Veil has 248 pages. , was written by Garth Nix. , is available in Hardcover.
The ISSN number of Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is 0567-7920. The LCCN number of , is 60040714. , is abbreviated Acta Palaeontol. Pol.. Pol.
The academic discipline of Addiction (journal) is Addiction. , is abbreviated Addiction. Pol. The ISSN number of , is 1360-0443.
Wiley-Blackwell is the publisher of Addiction (journal). The ISSN number of , is 0965-2140. , is the parent company of the John Wiley & Sons Press.
Cornell University is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly. , is affiliated with Association of American Universities. , is located in the state of New York.
Aenir was written by Garth Nix. English language is spoken in ,. The novel , is followed by Above the Veil.
English language is spoken in Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians. , is located in United States. , is spoken in Great Great Britain.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is available in Hardcover. , has 320 pages. The OCLC number of , is 78771100.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is located in United States. English language is spoken in ,. , is spoken in Great Great Britain.
A Glastonbury Romance was written by John Cowper Powys. , was born in Shirley, Derbyshire. , died in Blaenau Ffestiniog.
The ISSN number of Administrative Science Quarterly is 0001-8392. SAGE Publications is the publisher of ,. The founder of , is Sara Miller Mc Cune.
A Severed Wasp is located in United States. Washington, D.C. is the capital of ,. Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in the United ,.
English language is spoken in A Wizard of Mars. , is located in United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United ,.
A Wizard of Mars is located in United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United ,. Washington, D.C. is the capital of ,.
A Wizard of Mars is located in United States. Barack Obama is the leader of ,. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United ,.
1634: The Ram Rebellion is located in United States. The leader of the United , is called President of the United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United ,.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is located in United States. The leader of the United , is called President of the United States. Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in the United ,.
The manager of 1. FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel. , plays for 1. FC Lokomotive Leipzig. , plays for SV Germania Schöneiche.
The manager of A.C. Cesena is Massimo Drago. , plays for A.S.D. Licata 1931. , plays for A.S.D. S.S. Nola 1925.
The full name of A.C. Lumezzane is "Associazione Calcio Lumezzane Sp A". , play in Lega Pro/A. , has 4150 members.
The manager of A.D. Isidro Metapán is Jorge Humberto Rodríguez. , plays for Alianza F.C.. , plays for El Salvador national football team.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members. , chairman is Antonis Milionis. , ground is in Efxeinoupoli.
A.F.C. Blackpool ground is in Blackpool. , has 1500 members. The full name of , is "Association Football Club Blackpool".
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer). , plays for Chesterfield F.C.. , plays for Runcorn F.C. Halton.
The manager of A.F.C. Fylde is Dave Challinor. , plays for Stockport County F.C.. , plays for Colwyn Bay F.C..
A.S. Livorno Calcio ground is in Livorno, Italy. , has 19238 members. The full name of , is "Livorno Calcio S.p.A.".
The manager of A.S. Livorno Calcio is Christian Panucci. , play in Serie B. The name of the championship football team in the , Os the Carpi F.C. 1909 FK.
The manager of A.S. Livorno Calcio is Christian Panucci. , plays for Chelsea F.C.. , plays for Real Madrid C.F..
AEK Athens F.C. play in Superleague Greece. , ground is in Greece. The name of the championship football team in the , Os the Olympiacos F.C. FK.
The manager of AEK Athens F.C. is Gus Poyet. , plays for Real Zaragoza. , plays for Chelsea F.C..
AFC Ajax (amateurs) ground is in Amsterdam. The leader of , is Eberhard van der Laan. , Noord is part Amsterdam-Centrum.
AFC Ajax (amateurs) ground is in Amsterdam. The leader of , is Eberhard van der Laan. , Noord is part Amsterdam-Noord.
The manager of AZ Alkmaar is John van den Brom. , plays for Jong Ajax. , plays for İstanbulspor A.Ş..
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in Campeonato Brasileiro Série C. , ground is in Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca. , is located in Brazil.
The manager of A.S. Roma is Luciano Spalletti. , plays for Udinese Calcio. , plays for Empoli F.C..
The manager of A.C. Cesena is Massimo Drago. , plays for S.S. Chieti Calcio. , plays for A.S.D. Licata 1931.
The manager of A.C. Cesena is Massimo Drago. , plays for U.S. Castrovillari Calcio. , plays for A.S.D. S.S. Nola 1925.
The manager of A.C. Cesena is Massimo Drago. , plays for U.S. Castrovillari Calcio. , plays for S.S. Chieti Calcio.
103 Colmore Row is located in Colmore Row. John Madin was the architect of ,. , was born in Birmingham.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland. , is part of Cuyahoga County, Ohio. Frank G. Jackson is the leader of ,.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in United States. , has a floor area of 30843.8 (square metres). , has 12 floors.
300 North La Salle is located in Chicago. Rahm Emanuel is the leader of ,. , is part of Du Page County, Illinois.
George Winkler was the architect of 320 South Boston Building. , has 22 floors. , is located in United States.
3Arena is located in North Wall Quay. HOK SVE was the architect of ,. , was completed in December 2008.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Denmark. Marriott Marriott International is the tenant of ,. , has 23 floors.
Marriott Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen. 3XN was the architect of ,. , has 23 floors.
Augustus Pugin was the architect of Adare Manor. One of the significant buildings designed by , is the Palace Palace of Westminster. , was born in Bloomsbury.
Philip Charles Hardwick was the architect of Adare Manor. , was completed in 1862. The owner of , is J. P. Mc Manus.
The Tudor and Jacabian style of Adisham Hall falls under Brutalist architecture. , was completed in 1931. , is located in Haputale.
The Tudor and Jacabian style of Adisham Hall falls under Brutalist architecture. , is located in Sri Lanka. , was completed in 1931.
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka. , is located in Haputale. Ranil Wickremesinghe is the leader of ,.
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka. Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of ,. The Sri Lankan rupee is the currency in ,.
The construction of Alan B. Miller Hall began in 30 March 2007. Mason School of Business is the current tenant of ,. , is located in United States.
Julia Morgan was the architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds. , was born in San Francisco. One of the significant buildings designed by , is the Palace Riverside Art Museum.
Julia Morgan was the architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds. One of the significant buildings designed by , is the Palace Chinatown, San Francisco. , was born in California.
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located in Asilomar Blvd., Pacific Grove, California. , was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1987-02-27". , has the reference number 87000823 in the National Register of Historic Places.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in Avenue A (Manhattan). , was built in 1904. , was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23".
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City. , was built in 1904. , was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23".
John Madin was the architect of 103 Colmore Row. Birmingham is the home town of ,. Conservative Party (UK) is the leader of ,.
John Madin was the architect of 103 Colmore Row. , was born in Birmingham. Liberal Democrats is the leader of ,.
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa. , is located in Ethiopia. Hailemariam Desalegn is the leader of ,.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad. , is located in Gujarat. Anandiben Patel is the leader of ,.
Marriott Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen. , is located in Bethesda, Maryland. Rona Bill Marriott is the key person for ,.
Albany, Georgia is part of Dougherty County, Georgia. , is located in United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United ,.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, Texas has a population density of 1142.3 (inhabitants per square kilometre). The leader of the United , is called New Mexico Senate. ,, Texas has a total area of 490.9 (square kilometres).
Alpharetta, Georgia is located in United States. , is part of Fulton County, Georgia. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United ,.
Alpharetta, Georgia is located in United States. , is part of Georgia (U.S. state). Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United ,.
Alpharetta, Georgia is located in United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United ,. Washington, D.C. is the capital of ,.
Anaheim, Anaheim, California has a UTC offset of - -7. The area code of ,, Indiana is 657, 714. ,, Texas has a total area of 131.6 (square kilometres).
Anaheim, California is part of California. The leader of the United , is called California State Senate. , is located in California State Capitol.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Lafayette Township, Madison County, Indiana. , is part of Indiana. , is located in United States.
Angola, Indiana is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana. , is located in United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United ,.
Antioch, California is part of Contra Costa County, California. The leader of the United , is called United States House of Representatives. , is part of San Francisco Bay Area.
Arlington, Texas is part of Tarrant County, Texas. Fort Worth, Texas is the county seat of ,. , is located in United States.
Atlanta is located in United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United ,. Washington, D.C. is the capital of ,.
Atlanta, Texas has a population density of 1299.0 (inhabitants per square kilometre). The area code of ,, Indiana is 404. ,, Texas has a total area of 347.1 (square kilometres).
Atlantic City, New Jersey is located in United States. , is part of New Jersey. Newark, New Jersey is the largest city in ,.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey. , is located in United States. New York City is the largest city in ,.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama. , is part of Alabama. , is located in United States.
Auburn, Washington is part of Washington (state). , is located in United States. Washington, D.C. is the capital of ,.
Auburn, Washington is part of Washington (state). Olympia, Washington is the capital of ,. , is located in United States.
Albany, Georgia is part of Georgia (U.S. state). , is part of Dougherty County, Georgia. Atlanta is the capital of ,.
Alexandria, Indiana is part of Madison County, Indiana. , is located in United States. Anderson, Indiana is the largest city in ,.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of New Jersey. Trenton, New Jersey is the capital of ,. , is located in United States.
Arlington, Texas is part of Texas. English language is spoken in ,. Houston is the largest city in ,.
Attica, Indiana is located in United States. , is part of Fountain County, Indiana. Washington, D.C. is the capital of ,.
Attica, Indiana is part of Fountain County, Indiana. , is located in United States. Washington, D.C. is the capital of ,.
Akron, Ohio is located in United States. Washington, D.C. is the capital of ,. English language is spoken in ,.
Akron, Ohio is located in United States. , is part of Summit County, Ohio. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United ,.
Albany, Oregon is part of Benton County, Oregon. , is located in United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United ,.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United ,. The leader of , is Barack Obama.
Albany, Georgia is located in United States. English language is spoken in ,. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United ,.
Angola, Indiana is located in United States. English language is spoken in ,. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United ,.
The runway length of Aarhus Airport is 2776.0. , is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A/S. 10R/28L is the runway name of ,.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid, New York. The runway length of , is 2003.0. , serves the city of Saranac Lake, New York.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Paracuellos de Jarama. , is located in Spain. , is part of Community of Madrid.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh. , is operated by Indian Air Force. , ICAO Location Identifier is VIAG.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by United States Air Force. , is located in Iraq. The runway length of , is 3992.88.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by United States Air Force. , Air FOrce aircraft fighter is Mc Donnell Douglas F-15 Eagle. One of the noted , Air Force battles was the 1986 United States bombing of Libya of Grenada.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by United States Air Force. One of the noted , Air Force battles was the Invasion of Grenada of Grenada. , Air FOrce aircraft fighter is Mc Donnell Douglas F-15 Eagle.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport Airport is made from Poaceae. The runway length of , is 877.0. , serves the city of Alderney.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan. , is operated by Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. , is Jinnah International Airport.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan. 18L/36R is the runway name of ,. The runway length of , is 2900.0.
Alpena County Regional Airport is 210 metres above sea level. , is located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan. , is located in United States.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas. The runway length of , is 1773.0. , is 973.0 metres above sea level.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas. The runway length of , is 896.0. , is 973.0 metres above sea level.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas. Austin, Texas is the capital of ,. English language is spoken in ,.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas. Tejano inhabit ,. , is located in United States.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp. , is located in Belgium. German language is spoken in ,.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey. , is located in United States. , is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey.
Atlantic City International Airport is operated by Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. , serves New Jersey. , is Four World Trade Center.
The runway length of Atlantic City International Airport is 3048.0. , is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey. , is located in United States.
Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore. , is located in Pakistan. Anwar Zaheer Jamali is the leader of ,.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid. , is part of Community of Madrid. The leader party at , is Ahora Madrid.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid. The leader party at , is Ahora Madrid. , is located in Spain.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes. The leader party at , is People's Party (Spain). , is located in Spain.
11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in United States. , is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. , has to its southeast Carroll County, Maryland
11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in the municipality of Gettysburg , Gettysburg, Pennsylvania. , is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. , has to its southeast Carroll County, Maryland
Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan. Türk Şehitleri Anıtı is the native name of ,. Baku is the capital of ,.
Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan. The leader of , is Artur Rasizade. National Assembly (Azerbaijan) dictates the legislature of ,.
Atatürk Monument (İzmir) is located in Turkey. Ahmet Davutoğlu is the leader of ,. Ankara is the capital of ,.
Amatriciana sauce is from the Lazio region. , is located in Italy. Guanciale is an ingredient in ,.
Banana leaf is an ingredient in Arem-arem. , is from the Javanese cuisine region. The main ingredients of , are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
Tomato is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce. , belongs to the division of Flowering plant. , is part of the Solanaceae family.
Arrabbiata sauce is from the Rome region. , is located in Italy. Olive oil is an ingredient in ,.
Arrabbiata sauce is from the Rome region. Tomato is an ingredient in ,. , is located in Italy.
Asam pedas is located in Malaysia. The main ingredients of , are Fish cooked in sour and hot sauce. , is from the Malay Peninsula region.
Asam pedas is located in Malaysia. Kuala Lumpur is the capital of ,. Arifin Zakaria is the leader of ,.
Ayam penyet is from the Malaysia region. , is located in Indonesia. Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group in the United ,.
Bacon sandwich is a variation of BLT. Lettuce is an ingredient in ,. , is a variation of Club sandwich.
Bacon Explosion is located in United States. Barack Obama is the leader of ,. White Americans are an ethnic group in the United ,.
Bacon Explosion is located in United States. John Roberts is the leader of ,. Washington, D.C. is the capital of ,.
Bacon sandwich is a variation of BLT. Bread is an ingredient in ,. , is a variation of Club sandwich.
Baked Alaska is located in France. , is from the New York region. Sponge cake is an ingredient in ,.
Baked Alaska is located in France. Manuel Valls is the leader of ,. The Euro is the currency in ,.
Baked Alaska is located in United States. , is from the New York region. Christmas pudding is an ingredient in ,.
Baked Alaska is a Dessert. Sponge cake is an ingredient in ,. , is a variation of Cookie.
Bakewell pudding is from the Derbyshire Dales region. , is a Dessert. The main ingredients of , are Ground almond, jam, butter, eggs.
Bakewell pudding is from the Derbyshire Dales region. , is a variation of Bakewell tart. The main ingredients of , are Ground almond, jam, butter, eggs.
Bakso is located in Indonesia. Beef is an ingredient in ,.
Avocado is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa. , is located in Colombian cuisine. , is from the Paisa Region region.
Bandeja paisa is from the Paisa Region region. , is located in Colombian cuisine. Hogao is an ingredient in ,.
Barny Cakes is located in France. Claude Bartolone is the leader of ,. Manuel Valls is the leader of ,.
Batchoy is located in Philippines. The main ingredients of , are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, beef. Noodle is an ingredient in ,.
Batchoy is located in Philippines. The main ingredients of , are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, beef. Vegetable is an ingredient in ,.
Beef kway teow is located in Singapore. , is from the Nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia region. Tony Tan is the leader of ,.
Beef kway teow is from the Singapore region. , is located in Indonesia. Sesame oil is an ingredient in ,.
Beef kway teow is from the Singapore region. Oyster sauce is an ingredient in ,. , is located in Singapore and Indonesia.
Bhajji is located in India. The Indian rupee is the currency in ,. Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of ,.
Banana is an ingredient in Binignit. , is a Dessert. , is a variation of Cookie.
Sago is an ingredient in Binignit. , is a Dessert. , is a variation of Cookie.
Taro is an ingredient in Binignit. , is a Dessert. , is a variation of Cookie.
The main ingredients of Binignit are Sweet potato. Banana is an ingredient in ,. , is under the order of Solanales.
Bionico is located in Mexico. , is a Dessert. Granola is an ingredient in ,.
Bionico is located in Mexico. , is from the Guadalajara region. Raisin is an ingredient in ,.
Bionico is located in Mexico. Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of ,. The Mexican peso is the currency in ,.
Amatriciana sauce is located in Italy. Rome is the capital of ,. Pietro Grasso is the leader of ,.
Batchoy is located in Philippines. Arabic is spoken in ,. Igorot people are an ethnic group in the United ,.
Beef kway teow is located in Singapore. Tony Tan is the leader of ,. English language is spoken in ,.
Tomato is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce. , is part of the Solanaceae family. , is under the order of Solanales.
AWH Engineering College is located in India. , has an academic staff of 250. , is located in the state of Kerala.
Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the city of Bangalore. The number of post graduate students at , is about 700. , is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
AWH Engineering College is located in the state of Kerala. Kochi is the leader of ,. , has to its northwest Mahé, India
1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. Germans of Romania are an ethnic group in the United ,. The anthem of , is called Deșteaptă-te, române! romane.
1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. Germans of Romania are an ethnic group in the United ,. Klaus Iohannis is the leader of ,.
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with European University Association. , was established in 1928. The headquarters of the , Association is in Brussels.
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in the city of Aarhus. , is located in Denmark. , was established in 1928.
Asterix (comics Character) was created by René Goscinny. , was created by Albert Uderzo. , is from the United French people.
Tim Brooke-Taylor starred in Bananaman. , is broadcast by BBC. , last aired on April 15th 1986-04-15.
Big Hero 6 (film) was Baymax's first film appearance. Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures is the distributor of the film , ,. Scott Adsit starred in ,.
Baymax is a character Big Hero 6 (film). Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures is the distributor of the film , ,. Scott Adsit starred in ,.
Baymax is a character Big Hero 6 (film). Ryan Potter starred in ,. Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures is the distributor of the film , ,.
Blockbuster (comics Character) was created by Gardner Fox. , is also known as Mark Desmond. , was created by Carmine Infantino.
Bolt (comics Character) is also known as Larry Bolatinsky. , was created by Dan Mishkin. , was created by Gary Cohn (comics).
Bolt (comics Character) was created by Ernie Colón. , is also known as Larry Bolatinsky. , was created by Gary Cohn (comics).
103 Colmore Row is located in Birmingham. , was completed in 1976. The construction of , began in 1973. , has 23 floors.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa. Asian South Africans are an ethnic group in the United ,. Cape Town is the capital of ,. Coloured are an ethnic group in the United ,.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland. , is part of Cuyahoga County, Ohio. , is located in United States. ,'s governing body is Cleveland City Council.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo, New York. , cost 110 million (dollars). , has a floor area of 30843.8 (square metres). , has 12 floors.
300 North La Salle is located in Chicago. Rahm Emanuel is the leader of ,. , is part of Cook County, Illinois. , is located in United States.
300 North La Salle is located in Illinois. , has a floor area of 120770.0 (square metres). , was completed in 2009. , has 60 floors.
The owner of 3Arena is Live Nation Entertainment. , is located in Dublin. , is part of Republic of Ireland. , is part of Leinster.
Marriott Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen. , is located in Copenhagen. 3XN was the architect of ,. , has 23 floors.
Adare Manor is located in Adare. , is located in County Limerick. , is part of Munster. , is governed by the Limerick City and County Council City and County Council.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan. , is located in Akita, Akita. Brazilians in Japan are an ethnic group in the United ,. , is part of Akita Prefecture.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan. , is located in Akita, Akita. Filipinos in Japan are an ethnic group in the United ,. , is part of Akita Prefecture.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan. , is located in Akita Prefecture. , is located in Akita, Akita. Vietnamese people in Japan are an ethnic group in the United ,.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan. , is located in Akita Prefecture. , is located in Akita, Akita. Brazilians in Japan are an ethnic group in the United ,.
The owner of Alan B. Miller Hall is College of William & Mary. , was completed in 1 June 2009. The address of , is 101 Ukrop Way. , is located in Williamsburg, Virginia.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat. , is located in India. Narendra Modi is the leader of ,. Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of ,.
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located in Pacific Grove, California. , was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1987-02-27". , has the reference number 87000823 in the National Register of Historic Places. , was built in 1913.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in Avenue A (Manhattan). , has the reference number 80002709 in the National Register of Historic Places. , was built in 1904. , was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23".
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City. , is part of Manhattan. , is part of Brooklyn. Cyrus Vance, Jr. is the leader of ,.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City. , is located in United States. , is part of Manhattan. Gale Brewer is the leader of ,.
John Madin was the architect of 103 Colmore Row. , was born in Birmingham. Antioch, , has postal codes B postcode area. Andrew Mitchell is the leader of ,.
John Madin was the architect of 103 Colmore Row. , was born in Birmingham. Antioch, , has postal codes B postcode area. Labour Party (UK) is the leader of ,.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat. , is located in India. Anandiben Patel is the leader of ,. Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of ,.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat. , is located in India. T. S. Thakur is the leader of ,. Narendra Modi is the leader of ,.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture. , is located in Akita, Akita. , is located in Japan. Brazilians in Japan are an ethnic group in the United ,.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in United Kingdom. London is the capital of ,. Elizabeth II is the leader of ,. The leader of the United , is called Parliament of the United Kingdom.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in United States. English language is spoken in ,. The leader of the United , is called President of the United States. Joe Biden is the leader of ,.
11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in United States. , is located in the state of Pennsylvania. , was established in 2000. , is categorised as Contributing property.
Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan. Baku is the capital of ,. The leader of the United , is called Prime Minister of Azerbaijan. Artur Rasizade is the leader of ,.
Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. , is located in Azerbaijan. Türk Şehitleri Anıtı is the native name of ,. Baku is the capital of ,.
14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established in 1907-07-11. , is located in the district of Monocacy National Battlefield. , is located in Frederick County, Maryland. The city nearest , is Frederick, Maryland, Maryland.
Atatürk Monument (İzmir) is made of Bronze. , is located in Turkey. Ahmet Davutoğlu is the leader of ,. Ankara is the capital of ,.
Atatürk Monument (İzmir) was designed by Pietro Pietro Canonica. Alan B. , Hall was in augurated on 1932-07-27. , is located in Turkey. The leader of the United , is called President of Turkey.
Albany, Georgia is part of Georgia (U.S. state). , is located in United States. English language is spoken in ,. Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in the United ,.
The area code of Albuquerque, New Mexico, Indiana is 505, 575. The land area, of , (New Mexico), is 486.2 (square kilometres). ,, Texas has a total area of 490.9 (square kilometres). ,, Texas has a population density of 1142.3 (inhabitants per square kilometre).
Alpharetta, Georgia is located in United States. , is part of Georgia (U.S. state). , is part of Fulton County, Georgia. Atlanta is the county seat of ,.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Texas. , is located in United States. Washington, D.C. is the capital of ,. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United ,.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Texas. , is located in United States. , is located in the state of Texas. Austin, Texas is the capital of ,.
The leader of the United Anaheim, California is called California State Assembly. , is part of California. , is located in California State Capitol. Spanish language is spoken in ,.
Anderson, Indiana, Texas has a population density of 523.9 (inhabitants per square kilometre). ,, Texas has a total area of 107.43 (square kilometres). ,, Indiana is located at 268.0 above sea level. , is part of Adams, Fall Creek, Lafayette, Richland, Union.
Angola, Indiana is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana. , is located in United States. , is part of Indiana. ,, Texas has a total area of 16.55 (square kilometres).
Anaheim, Antioch, California has a UTC offset of - -7. ,, CA has 102372 people inhabiting it. The area code of ,, Indiana is 925. ,, Texas has a total area of 75.324 (square kilometres).
Atlantic City, New Jersey, Texas has a population density of 1421.2 (inhabitants per square kilometre). The area code of ,, Indiana is 609. The leader of the United , is called Mayors of Atlantic City, New Jersey. ,, Texas has a total area of 44.125 (square kilometres).
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama. , is located in United States. , is located in the state of Alabama. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United ,.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama. , is located in United States. , is located in the state of Alabama. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United ,.
Auburn, Washington is part of Pierce County, Washington. , is part of King County, Washington. , is located in United States. Washington, D.C. is the capital of ,.
Auburn, Washington is part of Washington (state). , is located in United States. , is part of King County, Washington. Washington, D.C. is the capital of ,.
Austin, Texas is part of Texas. , is part of Hays County, Texas. Houston is the largest city in ,. San Marcos, Texas is the county seat of ,.
The leader of the United Anaheim, California is called California State Assembly. , is part of California. , is located in California State Capitol. Chinese language is spoken in ,.
Alpharetta, Georgia is part of Georgia (U.S. state). , is part of Fulton County, Georgia. , is located in United States. Atlanta is the county seat of ,.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Lafayette Township, Madison County, Indiana. , is part of Indiana. , is located in United States. Indianapolis is the capital of ,.
Arlington, Texas is part of Texas. English language is spoken in ,. , is located in United States. Houston is the largest city in ,.
Albany, Oregon is part of Benton County, Oregon. , is located in United States. Washington, D.C. is the capital of ,. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United ,.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of New Jersey. , is located in United States. Washington, D.C. is the capital of ,. New York City is the largest city in ,.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United ,. The leader of the United , is called President of the United States. The leader of , is Barack Obama.
The leader of the United Albuquerque, New Mexico is called New Mexico Senate. , is located in United States. The leader of , is John Sánchez. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United ,.
Albany, Oregon is part of Benton County, Oregon. , is located in United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United ,. Washington, D.C. is the capital of ,.
The leader of the United Albuquerque, New Mexico is called Mayor of Albuquerque. , is located in United States. Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in the United ,. The leader of , is Barack Obama.
Albany, Georgia is part of United States. English language is spoken in ,. Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in the United ,.
Angola, Indiana is part of Indiana. , is located in United States. English language is spoken in ,. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United ,.
Angola, Indiana is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana. , is located in United States. English language is spoken in ,. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United ,.
The manager of 1. FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel. , plays for SV Babelsberg 03. , plays for 1. FC Union Berlin. , plays for FSV Zwickau.
The manager of A.C. Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran. , plays for F.C. Bari 1908. Michele , was born in Italy. , plays for Carrarese Calcio.
The manager of A.C. Lumezzane is Michele Marcolini. Michele , was born in Italy. , plays for Torino F.C.. , plays for A.C. Chievo Verona.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members. , chairman is Antonis Milionis. , ground is in Efxeinoupoli. , play in A EPSTH 2nd GROUP.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer). , ground is in Blackpool. , plays for Stockport County F.C.. The leader of , is Conservative Party (UK).
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer). , ground is in Blackpool. , plays for Stockport County F.C.. The leader of , is Gordon Marsden.
A.F.C. Fylde ground is in Warton, Fylde, Lancashire. , played in the 2014 season. , has 3180 members. The full name of , is "Association Football Club Fylde".
A.F.C. Fylde played in the 2014 season. , has 3180 members. The full name of , is "Association Football Club Fylde". , ground is in Bryning Lane.
The manager of ACF Fiorentina is Paulo Sousa. , plays for Juventus F.C.. , plays for Maccabi Tel Aviv F.C.. , plays for Inter Milan.
AEK Athens F.C. has 69618 members. , ground is in Greece. , play in Superleague Greece. , played in the 2014 season.
AFC Ajax (amateurs) ground is in Sportpark De Toekomst. , is operated by AFC Ajax. The owner of , is AFC Ajax N.V.. Marriott Jong Ajax is the tenant of ,.
AFC Ajax (amateurs) is nicknamed Joden , Godenzonen. , played in the 2014 season. , has 5000 members. The full name of , is "Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs".
The manager of AZ Alkmaar is John van den Brom. , plays for Vitesse Arnhem. , plays for AFC Ajax. , plays for Netherlands national football team.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in Campeonato Brasileiro Série C. , ground is in Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca. The name of the championship football team in the , Os the Vila Nova Futebol Clube FK. , is located in Alagoas.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in Campeonato Brasileiro Série C. , ground is in Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca. , is located in Brazil. , is located in Alagoas.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in Campeonato Brasileiro Série C. , ground is in Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca. , is located in Brazil. , is located in Arapiraca.
Akron Summit Assault ground is in St. Vincent–St. Mary High School. , is located in United States. , is located in the city of Akron, Ohio. , is part of Summit County, Ohio.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 ground is in Italy. The leader of , is Pietro Grasso. Rome is the capital of ,. The leader of , is Sergio Mattarella.
The manager of 1. FC Köln is Peter Stöger. , plays for SK Vorwärts Steyr. , plays for FC Admira Wacker Mödling. , plays for FK Austria Wien.
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene, Texas. The runway length of , is 2194.0. , is 546 metres above sea level. 17L/35R is the runway name of ,.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid, New York. The runway length of , is 2003.0. , is 507 metres above sea level. , serves the city of Saranac Lake, New York.
18L/36R is the runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport. The runway length of , is 3500.0. , is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas. , is operated by ENAIRE.
Agra Airport is located in India. , is operated by Indian Air Force. Agra , IATA Location Identifier is AGR. , ICAO Location Identifier is VIAG.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by United States Air Force. , is located in Iraq. The runway length of , is 3990.0. 08/26 is the runway name of ,.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by United States Air Force. The runway length of , is 3990.0. , is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq. 09R/27L is the runway name of ,.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by United States Air Force. One of the noted , Air Force battles was the Invasion of Grenada of Grenada. Lockheed AC-130 can be found on ,. , Air FOrce aircraft fighter is Mc Donnell Douglas F-15 Eagle.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan. The runway length of , is 2900.0. , is operated by Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. , serves the city of Lahore.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam. 09/27 'Buitenveldertbaan' is the runway name of ,. The runway length of , is 2014.0. , is -3.3528 metres above sea level.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam. 18L/36R 'Aalsmeerbaan' is the runway name of ,. The runway length of , is 2014.0. , is -3.3528 metres above sea level.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas. The runway length of , is 929.0. , serves the city of Andrews, Texas. , is 973.0 metres above sea level.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas. Austin, Texas is the capital of ,. Tejano inhabit ,. , is located in United States.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas. Austin, Texas is the capital of ,. English language is spoken in ,. , is located in United States.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo. , serves the city of Luanda. , is located in Angola. , is part of Luanda Province.
Antwerp International Airport is operated by Flemish Government. The owner of , is Flemish Region. , is 12.0 metres above sea level. The runway length of , is 600.0.
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines. , is Turkmenistan. The hub airport for , airlines is Turkmenbashi International Airport airport. , is Ashgabat.
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens. , is located in Spata. , is 94 metres above sea level. The runway length of , is 3800.0.
Atlantic City International Airport serves the city of Atlantic City, New Jersey. , is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey. Don Guardian is the leader of ,. , is located in United States.
The owner of Atlantic City International Airport is South Jersey Transportation Authority. , is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey. Stephen Dilts is the leader of ,. , is located in United States.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp. , is located in Belgium. Charles Michel is the leader of ,. German language is spoken in ,.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp. , is located in Belgium. Philippe of Belgium is the leader of ,. French language is spoken in ,.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake, New York. , is part of Harrietstown, New York. , is part of Essex County, New York. , is located in United States.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah. , is located in Iraq. Kurdish languages is spoken in ,. Fuad Masum is the leader of ,.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah. , is located in Iraq. Haider al-Abadi is the leader of ,. Kurdish languages is spoken in ,.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan. , serves the city of Lahore. Malik Muhammad Rafique Rajwana is the leader of ,. , is located in Pakistan.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport Airport is made from Poaceae. , belongs to the division of Flowering plant. , is under the order of Commelinids. , class is Monocotyledon.
Bananaman is broadcast by BBC. Rona Rona Fairhead is the key person for ,. One of the products of BCC is , BBC Radio. , is located in Broadcasting House.
Jill Shilling starred in Bananaman. , was created by Steve Bright. , first aired on 3rd October 1983-10-03. , is broadcast by STV.
Baymax was created by Duncan Rouleau. , is a character Big Hero 6 (film). , is from the United Americans. Ryan Potter starred in ,.
Bolt (comics Character) was created by Gary Cohn (comics). , was created by Ernie Colón. , is also known as Larry Bolatinsky. , is from the United Puerto Ricans.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was written by Eric Flint. Grantville Gazette III preceded 1634: The , Crisis. De Marce short stories in the The Grantville Gazettes preceded 1634: The , Crisis. , was born in Burbank, California.
1634: The Ram Rebellion is available in E-book. , has 512 pages. , was written by Eric Flint, Virginia De Marce, et al.. The ISBN number of , is 01-4165-2060-0.
AIDS (journal) is located in United Kingdom. Lippincott Williams & Wilkins is the publisher of ,. Elizabeth II is the leader of ,. , is the parent company of the Wolters Kluwer Press.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is available in Hardcover. The OCLC number of , is 51969173. , was written by J. V. Jones. The ISBN number of , is 00-7653-0633-6.
A Loyal Character Dancer was written by Qiu Xiaolong. The OCLC number of , is 49805501. The ISBN number of , is 01-56947-301-3. , is available in Hardcover.
English language is spoken in A Loyal Character Dancer. , is located in United States. , is spoken in Great Great Britain. Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in the United ,.
Soho Press is the publisher of A Loyal Character Dancer. , is located in United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United ,. English language is spoken in ,.
A Wizard of Mars is available in Hardcover. , has 560 pages. , was written by Diane Duane. The ISBN number of , is 0978-0-15-204770-2.
The LCCN number of Acta Mathematica Hungarica is 83646315. , is abbreviated Acta Math. Hungar.. Pol. The academic discipline of , is Mathematics. The ISSN number of , is 0236-5294.
The LCCN number of Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is 60040714. The academic discipline of , is Paleobiology. , is abbreviated Acta Palaeontol. Pol.. Pol. The ISSN number of , is 0567-7920.
Polish Academy of Sciences is the publisher of Acta Palaeontologica Polonica. The ISSN number of , is 1732-2421. The LCCN number of , is 60040714. , is abbreviated Acta Palaeontol. Pol.. Pol.
Cornell University is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly. , is affiliated with Association of Public and Land-grant Universities. , is affiliated with Association of American Universities. , is located in the state of New York.
Cornell University is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly. , is affiliated with Association of Public and Land-grant Universities. , is located in the state of New York. , is located in the city of Ithaca, New York.
Aenir has 233 pages. , was written by Garth Nix. The ISBN number of , is 00-439-17684-0. , is available in Paperback.
English language is spoken in Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians. , is located in United States. , is spoken in Great Great Britain. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United ,.
Johns Hopkins University Press is the publisher of American Journal of Mathematics. , was first published in 1878. , is located in United States. , is the parent company of the Johns Hopkins University Press.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is located in United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United ,. English language is spoken in ,. , is spoken in Great Great Britain.
English language is spoken in A Wizard of Mars. , is located in United States. , is spoken in Great Great Britain. Barack Obama is the leader of ,.
English language is spoken in A Wizard of Mars. , is located in United States. Barack Obama is the leader of ,. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United ,.
A Wizard of Mars is located in United States. Barack Obama is the leader of ,. English language is spoken in ,. , is spoken in Great Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp is located in United States. Barack Obama is the leader of ,. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United ,. English language is spoken in ,.
Alan Bean is from the United United States. , was born in Wheeler, Texas. , spent 100305.0(minutes) in space. , was chosen by NASA in 1963.
Alan Shepard was a part of the crew of Apollo 14 12. , was awarded Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy). , is operated by NASA. , is higher than the department of Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
William Anders was a part of the crew of Apollo 8 12. , was born in British Hong Kong. Frank Frank Borman was a member of the crew on , 8. Chris Patten served as a representative of ,.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. , was a part of the crew of Apollo 11 12. Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963 is , almaMater. , Retired retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. , was chosen by NASA in 1963. , was a part of the crew of Apollo 11 12. , was a test Fighter pilot.
Buzz Aldrin was a part of the crew of Apollo 11 12. , full name was "Edwin Eugene Aldrin Jr.". , was awarded 20. , is operated by NASA.
Alan Shepard died in California. , was born in New Hampshire. , was awarded Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy). , is higher than the department of Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
Alan Shepard died in California. , was awarded Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy). The Senator representing , was Dianne Feinstein. , is higher than the department of Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
University of Texas at Austin is Elliot See almaMater. , died in St. Louis. , was born in Dallas. , is from the United United States.
William Anders was a test Fighter pilot. , was a part of the crew of Apollo 8 12. , was chosen by NASA in 1963. , is operated by NASA.
AWH Engineering College is located in India. , was established in 2001. , is located in the city of Kuttikkattoor. The Ganges is a river in ,.
Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. , is located in India. The campus address for , is: In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.. , is located in the city of Belgaum.
Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the city of Bangalore. Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar is the director of ,. , is located in India. , is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
All India Council for Technical Education was proud to give the Technical Campus status to Acharya Institute of Technology. Tennis is one of the sports offered at ,. , is located in Mumbai. The sport , has a Governing Body called International Tennis Federation.
1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in the city of Alba Iulia. , is located in Romania. , is part of Alba County. Bucharest is the capital of ,.
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in the city of Aarhus. , is located in Denmark. , is governed by the Magistrate City and County Council. Lars Løkke Rasmussen is the leader of ,.
AWH Engineering College has an academic staff of 250. , is located in the state of Kerala. , is located in the city of Kuttikkattoor. Kochi is the leader of ,.
1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. Germans of Romania are an ethnic group in the United ,. Bucharest is the capital of ,. The anthem of , is called Deșteaptă-te, române! romane.
1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in the city of Alba Iulia. , is located in Romania. Klaus Iohannis is the leader of ,. Bucharest is the capital of ,.
Amatriciana sauce is from the Lazio region. , is located in Italy. Tomato is an ingredient in ,. The main ingredients of , are Tomatoes, guanciale, cheese, olive oil.
Arrabbiata sauce is located in Italy. Rome is the capital of ,. Pietro Grasso is the leader of ,. Sergio Mattarella is the leader of ,.
Arròs negre is located in Spain. The main ingredients of , are White rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers. , is from the Catalonia region. Cuttlefish is an ingredient in ,.
Arròs negre is located in Spain. The main ingredients of , are White rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers. , is from the Catalonia region. White rice is an ingredient in ,.
Arròs negre is located in Spain. , is from the Catalonia region. Spaniards are an ethnic group in the United ,. Parliament of Catalonia is the leader of ,.
Asam pedas is located in Malaysia. , is from the Sumatra region. Malaysian Malay are an ethnic group in the United ,. Batak are an ethnic group in the United ,.
Asam pedas is located in Malaysia. , is from the Sumatra region. Minangkabau people are an ethnic group in the United ,. Malays (ethnic group) are an ethnic group in the United ,.
Bacon Explosion is located in United States. Barack Obama is the leader of ,. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United ,. Washington, D.C. is the capital of ,.
Bacon Explosion is located in United States. John Roberts is the leader of ,. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United ,. Washington, D.C. is the capital of ,.
Ketchup is an ingredient in Bacon sandwich. , is a variation of BLT. , is located in United Kingdom. , is a variation of Club sandwich.
The main ingredients of Bacon sandwich are Bread and bacon, with a condiment, often ketchup or brown sauce. , is located in United Kingdom. , is also known as Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, bacon muffin. Condiment is an ingredient in ,.
Baked Alaska is a Dessert. , is located in United States. , is a variation of Cookie. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United ,.
The main ingredients of Baked Alaska are Meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding. , is from the Paris, New York or Hong Kong region. , is located in United States. Sponge cake is an ingredient in ,.
Baked Alaska is from the Hong Kong region. The main ingredients of , are Meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding. , is located in France, United States or China. Meringue is an ingredient in ,.
Baked Alaska is from the Hong Kong region. The main ingredients of , are Meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding. , is located in United States. Ice cream is an ingredient in ,.
Bakewell pudding is from the Derbyshire Dales region. , is a variation of Bakewell tart. , is part of Derbyshire. Fruit preserves is an ingredient in ,.
Tapioca is an ingredient in Bakso. , is located in Indonesia. The main ingredients of , are Ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables, fried shallots. , is from the Nationwide in Indonesia, also popular in neighboring Southeast Asian countries region.
Bakso is located in Indonesia. Noodle is an ingredient in ,. The main ingredients of , are Ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables, fried shallots.
Kidney bean is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa. The main ingredients of , are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon. , is from the Paisa Region region. , is located in Colombian cuisine.
The main ingredients of Bandeja paisa are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon. , is from the Paisa Region region. , is located in Colombian cuisine. Hogao is an ingredient in ,.
Barny Cakes is located in France. French language is spoken in ,. Gérard Larcher is the leader of ,. François Hollande is the leader of ,.
Batagor is located in Indonesia. , is a variation of Siomay. , is a variation of Shumai. Shiitake is an ingredient in ,.
Batchoy is located in Philippines. The main ingredients of , are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, beef. Pork is an ingredient in ,. , is from the La Paz, Iloilo City region.
Chicken is an ingredient in Batchoy. , is located in Philippines. , is a Soup. The main ingredients of , are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, beef.
Beef kway teow is located in Singapore. The main ingredients of , are Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil. , is from the Nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia region. Sesame oil is an ingredient in ,.
Beef kway teow is from the Singapore region. , is located in Singapore and Indonesia. Standard Chinese is spoken in ,. Halimah Yacob is the leader of ,.
Beef kway teow is from the Singapore region. The main ingredients of , are Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil. , is located in Indonesia. Sesame oil is an ingredient in ,.
Bhajji is located in India. , is from the Karnataka region. , is also known as Bhaji, bajji. Vegetable is an ingredient in ,.
Bhajji is from the Karnataka region. The main ingredients of , are Gram flour, vegetables. , is also known as Bhaji, bajji. Vegetable is an ingredient in ,.
Sweet potato is an ingredient in Binignit. The main ingredients of , are Sago. , belongs to the division of Flowering plant. , is under the order of Solanales.
Binignit is from the Visayas region. The main ingredients of , are Coconut milk. , is located in Philippines. Sago is an ingredient in ,.
Bionico is located in Mexico. , is a Dessert. , is from the Jalisco region. Granola is an ingredient in ,.
Bionico is located in Mexico. The main ingredients of , are Chopped Fruits, Sour Cream, Condensed Milk, Granola, Shredded Coconut, Raisins. , is from the Guadalajara region. Sour cream is an ingredient in ,.
Bionico is located in Mexico. , is a Dessert. Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of ,. , is a variation of Cookie.
Bakso is located in Indonesia. Tapioca is an ingredient in ,. Jusuf Kalla is the leader of ,.
Ayam penyet is from the Singapore region. , is located in Java. Tony Tan is the leader of ,. Baduy are an ethnic group in the United ,.
Batchoy is located in Philippines. Ilocano people are an ethnic group in the United ,. Zamboangans are an ethnic group in the United ,. Philippine Spanish is spoken in ,.
Batchoy is located in Philippines. Arabic is spoken in ,. Zamboangans are an ethnic group in the United ,. Igorot people are an ethnic group in the United ,.
Binignit is a Dessert. , is located in Philippines. , is a variation of Cookie. Philippine English is spoken in ,.
Binignit is a Dessert. , is located in Philippines. , is a variation of Sandesh (confectionery). Philippine English is spoken in ,.
The novel 1634: The Bavarian Crisis is followed by Ring of Fire II. Grantville Gazette II preceded 1634: The , Crisis. , was written by Virginia De Marce and Eric Flint. English language is spoken in ,. The Grantville Gazette preceded 1634: The , Crisis.
Cornell University is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly. , is affiliated with Association of Public and Land-grant Universities. , is affiliated with Association of American Universities. The president of , is Elizabeth Garrett. , is located in the city of Ithaca, New York.
Soho Press is the publisher of A Loyal Character Dancer. , is located in United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United ,. English language is spoken in ,. , is spoken in Great Great Britain.
Soho Press is the publisher of A Loyal Character Dancer. , is located in United States. Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in the United ,. English language is spoken in ,. , is spoken in Great Great Britain.
Soho Press is the publisher of A Loyal Character Dancer. , is located in United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United ,. English language is spoken in ,. , is spoken in Great Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp is located in United States. English language is spoken in ,. Washington, D.C. is the capital of ,. Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in the United ,. , is spoken in Great Great Britain.
The novel Above the Veil is followed by Into Battle (novel). Aenir preceded 1634: The , Crisis. , is located in Australians. The novel , is followed by The Violet Keystone. Castle (novel) preceded 1634: The , Crisis.
English language is spoken in A Severed Wasp. , is located in United States. , is spoken in Great Great Britain. Barack Obama is the leader of ,. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United ,.
A Severed Wasp is located in United States. Barack Obama is the leader of ,. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United ,. English language is spoken in ,. , is spoken in Great Great Britain.
1634: The Ram Rebellion is located in United States. 1634: The Galileo Affair preceded 1634: The , Crisis. Barack Obama is the leader of ,. Washington, D.C. is the capital of ,. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United ,.
1634: The Ram Rebellion is located in United States. Barack Obama is the leader of ,. Americans inhabit ,. Washington, D.C. is the capital of ,. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United ,.
A Wizard of Mars is located in United States. The leader of the United , is called President of the United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United ,. English language is spoken in ,. , is spoken in Great Great Britain.
Albany, Georgia is part of Georgia (U.S. state). , is located in United States. The leader of the United , is called President of the United States. Americans inhabit ,. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United ,.
Alpharetta, Georgia is located in United States. , is part of Georgia (U.S. state). , is part of Fulton County, Georgia. Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in the United ,. Atlanta is the largest city in ,.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Texas. , is located in the state of Texas. , is located in United States. Washington, D.C. is the capital of ,. English language is spoken in ,.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Texas. , is located in United States. , is located in the state of Texas. English language is spoken in ,. Austin, Texas is the capital of ,.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Texas. , is located in the state of Texas. , is located in United States. English language is spoken in ,. Austin, Texas is the capital of ,.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Fall Creek Township, Madison County, Indiana. , is part of Anderson Township, Madison County, Indiana. ,, Texas has a population density of 523.9 (inhabitants per square kilometre). ,, Texas has a total area of 107.43 (square kilometres). , is located in United States.
Antioch, California is part of Contra Costa County, California. , is part of California. The leader of the United , is called California's 11th State Assembly district. , is part of San Francisco Bay Area. English language is spoken in ,.
The land area, of Atlanta (New Mexico), is 344.9 (square kilometres). ,, Texas has a population density of 1299.0 (inhabitants per square kilometre). The area code of ,, Indiana is 404. , is part of De Kalb County, Georgia. ,, Texas has a total area of 347.1 (square kilometres).
Attica, Indiana is part of United States. ,, Texas has a total area of 4.14 (square kilometres). ,, Indiana is located at 166.0 above sea level. , is part of Logan Township, Fountain County, Indiana. ,, Texas has a population density of 783.1 (inhabitants per square kilometre).
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama. , is located in the state of Alabama. , is located in United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United ,. Washington, D.C. is the capital of ,.
Auburn, Washington is part of Pierce County, Washington. , is located in United States. , is part of King County, Washington. ,, Texas has a population density of 914.8 (inhabitants per square kilometre). ,, Texas has a total area of 77.41 (square kilometres).
Austin, Texas is part of Texas. , is part of Williamson County, Texas. English language is spoken in ,. Round Rock, Texas is the largest city in ,. Georgetown, Texas is the county seat of ,.
Austin, Texas is part of Texas. , is part of Hays County, Texas. Houston is the largest city in ,. English language is spoken in ,. San Marcos, Texas is the county seat of ,.
Austin, Texas is part of Texas. , is part of Hays County, Texas. Houston is the largest city in ,. Spanish language is spoken in ,. San Marcos, Texas is the county seat of ,.
Alexandria, Indiana is part of Indiana. , is part of Madison County, Indiana. Indianapolis is the capital of ,. , is located in United States. English Americans is spoken in ,.
Arlington, Texas is part of Tarrant County, Texas. , is part of Texas. Fort Worth, Texas is the county seat of ,. Spanish language is spoken in ,. Houston is the largest city in ,.
Arlington, Texas is part of Tarrant County, Texas. , is part of Texas. Fort Worth, Texas is the largest city in ,. Austin, Texas is the capital of ,. , is located in United States.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of New Jersey. , is located in United States. Washington, D.C. is the capital of ,. White Americans are an ethnic group in the United ,. New York City is the largest city in ,.
Albany, Oregon is located in United States. , is part of Linn County, Oregon. Americans inhabit ,. Washington, D.C. is the capital of ,. Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in the United ,.
Albany, Oregon is part of Oregon. , is located in United States. Americans inhabit ,. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United ,. Washington, D.C. is the capital of ,.
Angola, Indiana is part of Steuben County, Indiana. , is located in United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United ,. English language is spoken in ,. Americans inhabit ,.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama. , is located in United States. , is located in the state of Alabama. Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in the United ,. Washington, D.C. is the capital of ,.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama. , is part of Alabama. Opelika, Alabama is the county seat of ,. , is located in United States. Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in the United ,.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of New Jersey. Newark, New Jersey is the largest city in ,. Trenton, New Jersey is the capital of ,. , is located in United States. Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in the United ,.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is part of New Mexico. , is located in United States. English language is spoken in ,. The leader of the United , is called President of the United States. The leader of , is Barack Obama.
Angola, Indiana is part of Steuben County, Indiana. , is located in United States. English language is spoken in ,. Americans inhabit ,. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United ,.
Akron, Ohio is located in United States. , is part of Summit County, Ohio. The leader of , is Barack Obama. Washington, D.C. is the capital of ,. Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in the United ,.
Albany, Georgia is part of United States. The leader of the United , is called President of the United States. Americans inhabit ,. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United ,.
11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in United States. , is located in Seminary Ridge. , was established in 2000. , is categorised as Contributing property. , is in the municipality of Gettysburg , Gettysburg, Pennsylvania.
11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is categorised as Contributing property. , is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. , has to its southeast Carroll County, Maryland Adams County, , has Cumberland County, Cumberland County, Pennsylvania to its north. Frederick County, Maryland County, Maryland is to the southwest of Adams County, ,.
Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. , is located in Azerbaijan. Baku is the capital of ,. The leader of the United , is called Prime Minister of Azerbaijan. Artur Rasizade is the leader of ,.
Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. , is located in Azerbaijan. Baku is the capital of ,. Artur Rasizade is the leader of ,. National Assembly (Azerbaijan) dictates the legislature of ,.
Atatürk Monument (İzmir) is located in Turkey. The leader of the United , is called President of Turkey. The leader of , is Ahmet Davutoğlu. Ankara is the capital of ,. Istanbul is the largest city in ,.
AWH Engineering College was established in 2001. , has an academic staff of 250. , is located in the state of Kerala. , is located in the city of Kuttikkattoor. , has to its northwest Mahé, India
Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the city of Bangalore. Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar is the director of ,. The number of post graduate students at , is about 700. The campus address for , is: In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.. , is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The president of Acharya Institute of Technology is B.M. Reddy. , is located in the city of Bangalore. , is located in India. The number of post graduate students at , is about 700. , is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Denmark. , is affiliated with European University Association. The leader of the United , is called Monarchy of Denmark. Lars Løkke Rasmussen is the leader of ,. The headquarters of the , Association is in Brussels.
AWH Engineering College is located in India. , was established in 2001. , has an academic staff of 250. , is located in the city of Kuttikkattoor. Mumbai is the largest city in ,.
AWH Engineering College is located in India. , is located in the state of Kerala. Mumbai is the largest city in ,. The Ganges is a river in ,. Kochi is the leader of ,.
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has an academic staff of 737. , is located in the city of Aarhus. , is located in Denmark. , was established in 1928. Lars Løkke Rasmussen is the leader of ,.
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in the city of Aarhus. , is affiliated with European University Association. , has to its northeast Mols. , is governed by the Magistrate City and County Council. The headquarters of the , Association is in Brussels.
Baymax was created by Duncan Rouleau. , was created by Steven T. Seagle. , is a character Big Hero 6 (film). , is from the United Americans. Alan Tudyk starred in ,.
The manager of A.C. Lumezzane is Michele Marcolini. , ground is in Italy. , plays for F.C. Bari 1908. , plays for Vicenza Calcio. The leader of , is Pietro Grasso.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer). , ground is in Blackpool. , plays for Chesterfield F.C.. , plays for Stockport County F.C.. The leader of , is Labour Party (UK).
A.S. Gubbio 1910 play in Serie D. , ground is in Italy. The name of the championship football team in the , Os the S.S. Robur Siena FK. The leader of , is Sergio Mattarella. Italian language is spoken in ,.
The manager of AEK Athens F.C. is Gus Poyet. , ground is in Olympic Stadium (Athens). , plays for Real Zaragoza. , plays for Chelsea F.C.. , is located in Marousi.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 ground is in Italy. The leader of , is Pietro Grasso. Italians inhabit ,. Rome is the capital of ,. Italian language is spoken in ,.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 ground is in Italy. The official language of , is Italian language. Italians inhabit ,. Rome is the capital of ,. The leader of , is Sergio Mattarella.
Arem-arem is located in Indonesia. , is from the Nationwide in Indonesia, but more specific to Java region. Jusuf Kalla is the leader of ,. The Indonesian rupiah is the currency in ,. Indonesian language is spoken in ,.
Asam pedas is located in Malaysia. , is from the Sumatra and Malay Peninsula region. Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group in the United ,. Malaysian Malay are an ethnic group in the United ,. Kuala Lumpur is the capital of ,.
Asam pedas is located in Malaysia. , is from the Sumatra and Malay Peninsula region. Malaysian Malay are an ethnic group in the United ,. Kuala Lumpur is the capital of ,. Malaysian Indian are an ethnic group in the United ,.
Asam pedas is located in Malaysia. , is from the Sumatra region. Malaysian Malay are an ethnic group in the United ,. Kuala Lumpur is the capital of ,. Malaysian Indian are an ethnic group in the United ,.
Asam pedas is located in Malaysia. , is from the Malay Peninsula region. Malaysian Malay are an ethnic group in the United ,. Abu Zahar Ujang is the leader of ,. Malaysian Indian are an ethnic group in the United ,.
Bacon Explosion is located in United States. The main ingredients of , are Bacon,sausage. Bacon is an ingredient in ,. , is from the Kansas City metropolitan area region. The main ingredients of , are Sausage.
Bacon Explosion is located in United States. White Americans are an ethnic group in the United ,. Paul Ryan is the leader of ,. Washington, D.C. is the capital of ,. English language is spoken in ,.
Bacon sandwich is a variation of BLT. The main ingredients of , are Bread and bacon, with a condiment, often ketchup or brown sauce. , is located in United Kingdom. Ketchup is an ingredient in ,. , is also known as Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, bacon muffin.
Baked Alaska is located in France. , is from the Hong Kong region. Manuel Valls is the leader of ,. Gérard Larcher is the leader of ,. French language is spoken in ,.
Lemon is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa. , is from the Antioquia Department region. , is under the order of Rosids. , is part of the Rutaceae family. , is located in Colombia.
Barny Cakes is located in France. Sponge cake is an ingredient in ,. Gérard Larcher is the leader of ,. French language is spoken in ,. François Hollande is the leader of ,.
Batagor is located in Indonesia. , is a variation of Siomay. , is a variation of Shumai. Joko Widodo is the leader of ,. Peanut sauce is an ingredient in ,.
Batagor is located in Indonesia. , is a variation of Siomay. Joko Widodo is the leader of ,. , is a variation of Shumai. Shiitake is an ingredient in ,.
Batagor is located in Indonesia. , is a variation of Shumai. , is a variation of Siomay. Jusuf Kalla is the leader of ,. Shiitake is an ingredient in ,.
Bhajji is located in India. , is from the Karnataka region. The main ingredients of , are Gram flour, vegetables. , is also known as Bhaji, bajji. Gram flour is an ingredient in ,.
Bhajji is located in India. , is from the Karnataka region. Indian people inhabit ,. T. S. Thakur is the leader of ,. Vajubhai Vala is the leader of ,.
Bhajji is located in India. , is from the Karnataka region. Indian people inhabit ,. T. S. Thakur is the leader of ,. Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of ,.
Bionico is located in Mexico. , is a Dessert. The main ingredients of , are Chopped Fruits, Sour Cream, Condensed Milk, Granola, Shredded Coconut, Raisins. , is from the Guadalajara region. Sour cream is an ingredient in ,.
Bionico is located in Mexico. , is a variation of Honey. , is a Dessert. Spanish language is spoken in ,. Enrique Peña Nieto is the leader of ,.
Bionico is located in Mexico. , is from the Jalisco region. , is a variation of Honey. , is a Dessert. Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of ,.
Arròs negre is located in Spain. , is from the Catalonia region. Spaniards are an ethnic group in the United ,. Felipe VI of Spain is the leader of ,. Carles Puigdemont is the leader of ,.
Amatriciana sauce is located in Italy. Rome is the capital of ,. Matteo Renzi is the leader of ,. Laura Boldrini is the leader of ,. Italian language is spoken in ,.
Amatriciana sauce is located in Italy. Italians inhabit ,. Rome is the capital of ,. Sergio Mattarella is the leader of ,. Laura Boldrini is the leader of ,.
Amatriciana sauce is located in Italy. Pietro Grasso is the leader of ,. Rome is the capital of ,. Matteo Renzi is the leader of ,. Italian language is spoken in ,.
Fried chicken is an ingredient in Ayam penyet. , is from the Nationwide, also can be found in Malaysia and Singapore region. , is located in Java. The main ingredients of , are Chicken. Javanese people are an ethnic group in the United ,.
Ayam penyet is from the Singapore region. , is located in Java. English language is spoken in ,. Tony Tan is the leader of ,. Javanese people are an ethnic group in the United ,.
Batchoy is located in Philippines. Arabic is spoken in ,. Zamboangans are an ethnic group in the United ,. Philippine Spanish is spoken in ,. Chinese Filipino are an ethnic group in the United ,.
Ajoblanco is from the Andalusia region. , is located in Spain. Susana Díaz is the leader of ,. Spanish language is spoken in ,. Spaniards are an ethnic group in the United ,.
Ajoblanco is from the Andalusia region. , is located in Spain. Susana Díaz is the leader of ,. Felipe VI of Spain is the leader of ,. Spaniards inhabit ,.
Alan Bean is from the United United States. , was a test Test pilot. , was born in Wheeler, Texas. , was chosen by NASA in 1963. , Retired retired.
Alan Shepard was a part of the crew of Apollo 14 12. , was born in New Hampshire. , was awarded Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy). , is operated by NASA. , is higher than the department of Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
William Anders was a part of the crew of Apollo 8 12. , is from the United United States. , was born in British Hong Kong. , 12 was commanded by Frank Borman. , is operated by NASA.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. , is from the United United States. , was a part of the crew of Apollo 11 12. , was a test Fighter pilot. , was born on 1930-01-20.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. , was a part of the crew of Apollo 11 12. , is from the United United States. , was a test Fighter pilot. , is operated by NASA.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. , was a part of the crew of Apollo 11 12. , was a test Fighter pilot. Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963 is , almaMater. , Retired retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. , was a part of the crew of Apollo 11 12. , Retired retired. William Anders was a backup pilot of , 12. , is operated by NASA.
Buzz Aldrin was a part of the crew of Apollo 11 12. , Retired retired. , was born on 1930-01-20. William Anders was a backup pilot of , 12. , is operated by NASA.
Alan Shepard was a part of the crew of Apollo 14 12. , died in California. , is operated by NASA. , gemstone Benitoite The Senator representing , was Dianne Feinstein.
Alan Shepard is from the United United States. , died in California. , was born in New Hampshire. , was awarded Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy). , is higher than the department of Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
William Anders retired on 1969-09-01. , is from the United United States. , was a test Fighter pilot. , was born in British Hong Kong. , was a part of the crew of Apollo 8 12.
Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup. , is located in Denmark. , is part of Central Denmark Region. Margrethe II of Denmark is the leader of ,. Faroese language is spoken in ,.
The runway length of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is 4100.0. , is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas. , is 610.0 metres above sea level. , is operated by ENAIRE. 14L/32R is the runway name of ,.
Agra Airport is located in India. The runway length of , is 1818.0. , is operated by Indian Air Force. , is 167.94 metres above sea level. , ICAO Location Identifier is VIAG.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by United States Air Force. , is located in Iraq. The runway length of , is 3990.0. , ICAO Location Identifier is ORAA. 08/26 is the runway name of ,.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by United States Air Force. The runway length of , is 3992.88. , is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq. , ICAO Location Identifier is ORAA. 08/26 is the runway name of ,.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by United States Air Force. Lockheed AC-130 can be found on ,. Boeing C-17 Globemaster III is a transport aircraft in the , Air Force. , Air FOrce aircraft fighter is General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon. One of the noted , Air Force battles was the 1986 United States bombing of Libya of Grenada.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by United States Air Force. One of the noted , Air Force battles was the Invasion of Grenada of Grenada. Lockheed AC-130 can be found on ,. Lockheed C-130 Hercules is a transport aircraft in the , Air Force. One of the noted , Air Force battles was the Operation Enduring Freedom of Grenada.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport Airport is made from Poaceae. The runway length of , is 733.0. , serves the city of Alderney. , is 88.0 metres above sea level. 08/26 is the runway name of ,.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan. The runway length of , is 3310.0. , is operated by Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. , serves the city of Lahore. 18L/36R is the runway name of ,.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan. The runway length of , is 2900.0. , is operated by Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. , serves the city of Lahore. 18R/36L is the runway name of ,.
Alpena County Regional Airport is 210 metres above sea level. The runway length of , is 1533.0. , is located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan. , serves the city of Alpena, Michigan. , is located in United States.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan. The runway length of , is 1533.0. , serves the city of Alpena, Michigan. , is 210 metres above sea level. 7/25 is the runway name of ,.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan. The runway length of , is 2744.0. , serves the city of Alpena, Michigan. , is 210 metres above sea level. 1/19 is the runway name of ,.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan. , is 210 metres above sea level. The runway length of , is 1533.0. , serves the city of Alpena, Michigan. , is located in United States.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo. , serves the city of Luanda. , is 159 metres above sea level. 05L/23R is the runway name of ,. The runway length of , is 3800.0.
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens. , is located in Greece. Alexis Tsipras is the leader of ,. Greek language is spoken in ,. Nikos Voutsis is the leader of ,.
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens. , is located in Greece. Alexis Tsipras is the leader of ,. Greek language is spoken in ,. Prokopis Pavlopoulos is the leader of ,.
Atlantic City International Airport serves the city of Atlantic City, New Jersey. , is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey. Don Guardian is the leader of ,. , is part of New Jersey. , is located in United States.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp. , is located in Belgium. Philippe of Belgium is the leader of ,. Charles Michel is the leader of ,. City of Brussels is the capital of ,.
Atlantic City International Airport ICAO Location Identifier is KACY. , is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey. , is part of New Jersey. , is located in United States. , is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid, New York. , serves the city of Saranac Lake, New York. , is part of New York. , is part of Harrietstown, New York. , is located in United States.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid, New York. , serves the city of Saranac Lake, New York. , is part of Harrietstown, New York. , is part of Essex County, New York. , is located in United States.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh. , is operated by Indian Air Force. , is part of Awadh. , is part of Bundelkhand. , has an aircraft-capable helicopter known HAL Light Combat Helicopter.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh. , is operated by Indian Air Force. Ram Naik is the leader of ,. , is part of Bundelkhand. , has an aircraft-capable helicopter known HAL Light Combat Helicopter.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah. , is located in Iraq. Haider al-Abadi is the leader of ,. Fuad Masum is the leader of ,. Arabic is spoken in ,.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland. , was completed in 1985. , is part of Cuyahoga County, Ohio. , is part of Ohio. , is located in United States.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo, New York. The Postmodern architecture style of , falls under Brutalist architecture. The construction of , began in January, 2014. , has a floor area of 30843.8 (square metres). , has 12 floors.
300 North La Salle is located in Chicago. Rahm Emanuel is the leader of ,. , is located in United States. , is part of Illinois. Springfield, Illinois is the capital of ,.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Denmark. Marriott Marriott International is the tenant of ,. Faroese language is spoken in ,. Margrethe II of Denmark is the leader of ,. Marriott , was founded in Washington, D.C.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Denmark. Marriott Marriott International is the tenant of ,. Greenlandic language is spoken in ,. Marriott , was founded in Washington, D.C. Rona Bill Marriott is the key person for ,.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Denmark. Marriott Marriott International is the tenant of ,. Lars Løkke Rasmussen is the leader of ,. Greenlandic language is spoken in ,. Marriott , was founded in Washington, D.C.
Adare Manor is located in Republic of Ireland. Augustus Pugin was the architect of ,. Enda Kenny is the leader of ,. One of the significant buildings designed by , is the Palace Palace of Westminster. , was born in Bloomsbury.
Addis Ababa City Hall was completed in 1964. Government of Addis Ababa is the current tenant of ,. The construction of , began in 1961. , has a floor area of 140000.0 (square metres). , is 42 m.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan. , has 3 floors. , is located in Akita, Akita. , is located in Akita Prefecture. The address of , is 1-4-2 Nakadori.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan. , is located in Akita, Akita. Tarō Asō is the leader of ,. Chinese people in Japan are an ethnic group in the United ,. , is part of Akita Prefecture.
Alan B. Miller Hall is located in Virginia. Robert A. M. Stern was the architect of ,. The owner of , is College of William & Mary. Mason School of Business is the current tenant of ,. , is located in United States.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad. , is located in Gujarat. , is located in India. The leader of the United , is called Gujarat Legislative Assembly. Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of ,.
Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka. , is located in the state of Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. , is from the Ampara District region. Ranil Wickremesinghe is the leader of ,. Austin Fernando is the leader of ,.
Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka. , is located in the state of Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. Ranil Wickremesinghe is the leader of ,. Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of ,. ,'s governing body is Eastern Provincial Council.
Julia Morgan was the architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds. , was born in San Francisco. One of the significant buildings designed by , is the Palace Los Angeles Herald-Examiner. Hearst Hearst Castle was a significant project of ,. One of the significant buildings designed by , is the Palace Asilomar State Beach.
Julia Morgan was the architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds. , was born in San Francisco. One of the significant buildings designed by , is the Palace Riverside Art Museum. Hearst Hearst Castle was a significant project of ,. One of the significant buildings designed by , is the Palace Asilomar State Beach.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City. , is located in United States. , is part of Manhattan. , is part of New Netherland. Cyrus Vance, Jr. is the leader of ,.
John Madin was the architect of 103 Colmore Row. , was born in Birmingham. Antioch, , has postal codes B postcode area. John Clancy (Labour politician) is the leader of ,. ,'s governing body is Birmingham City Council.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in United States. Washington, D.C. is the capital of ,. The leader of the United , is called President of the United States. John Roberts is the leader of ,. Barack Obama is the leader of ,.
11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in United States. , is located in Seminary Ridge. , is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. , is located in the state of Pennsylvania. , was established in 2000. , is categorised as Contributing property.
11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is categorised as Contributing property. , is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. Adams County , is East of Franklin County, Franklin County, Pennsylvania. , has to its southeast Carroll County, Maryland Adams County, , has Cumberland County, Cumberland County, Pennsylvania to its north. Frederick County, Maryland County, Maryland is to the southwest of Adams County, ,.
Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is made of Red granite and white marble. , is dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. , is located in Azerbaijan. , was designed by Pietro Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner. The leader of , is Artur Rasizade. Baku is the capital of ,.
Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is made of Red granite and white marble. , is dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. , is located in Azerbaijan. Türk Şehitleri Anıtı is the native name of ,. , was designed by Pietro Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner. Artur Rasizade is the leader of ,.
14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established in 1907-07-11. , is located in United States. , is categorised as Historic districts in the United States. , is located in the district of Monocacy National Battlefield. , is located in the state of Maryland. , is located in Frederick County, Maryland.
Alan Bean is from the United United States. , was a test Test pilot. , was born on 1932-03-15. , was born in Wheeler, Texas. , spent 100305.0(minutes) in space. , Retired retired.
Alan Shepard was a part of the crew of Apollo 14 12. , died in California. , was born in New Hampshire. , was awarded Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy). , is operated by NASA. , is higher than the department of Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
Alan Bean was a part of the crew of Apollo 12 12. , retired on June 1981. , full name was "Alan La Vern Bean". Alfred Worden was a backup pilot of , 12. , is operated by NASA. , 12 was commanded by David Scott.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. , is from the United United States. , was chosen by NASA in 1963. , was a part of the crew of Apollo 11 12. , was a test Fighter pilot. Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963 is , almaMater.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. , was a part of the crew of Apollo 11 12. , was born on 1930-01-20. Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963 is , almaMater. William Anders was a backup pilot of , 12. , is operated by NASA.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. , was a part of the crew of Apollo 11 12. , is from the United United States. , was a test Fighter pilot. William Anders was a backup pilot of , 12. , is operated by NASA.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. , was chosen by NASA in 1963. , was a part of the crew of Apollo 11 12. , was a test Fighter pilot. Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963 is , almaMater. , was born on 1930-01-20.
Alan Shepard died in California. , was awarded Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy). , gemstone Benitoite Smilodon is a fossil from ,. The Senator representing , was Dianne Feinstein. , is higher than the department of Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
William Anders retired on 1969-09-01. , is from the United United States. , was a test Fighter pilot. , was born in British Hong Kong. , was a part of the crew of Apollo 8 12. AFIT, M.S. 1962 is , almaMater.
William Anders retired on 1969-09-01. , was a part of the crew of Apollo 8 12. , was born in British Hong Kong. Buzz Aldrin was a backup pilot of , 12. Frank Frank Borman was a member of the crew on , 8. , is operated by NASA.
William Anders was a part of the crew of Apollo 8 12. AFIT, M.S. 1962 is , almaMater. , Retired retired. Buzz Aldrin was a backup pilot of , 12. Frank Frank Borman was a member of the crew on , 8. , is operated by NASA.
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Switzerland. The dean of , is Mario Mario Botta. , is located in the city of Mendrisio. , was established in 1996. , has an academic staff of 100. , is located in Ticino.
Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the city of Bangalore. , is located in the state of Karnataka. , is located in India. The number of post graduate students at , is about 700. The campus address for , is: In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.. , is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The president of Acharya Institute of Technology is B.M. Reddy. , is located in the city of Bangalore. , was established in 2000. , is located in India. The campus address for , is: In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.. , is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Denmark. , is affiliated with European University Association. Lars Løkke Rasmussen is the leader of ,. The leader of the United , is called Monarchy of Denmark. In , the main religion is Church of Denmark. The headquarters of the , Association is in Brussels.
The dean of School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is Mario Thomas Pallesen. , is located in the city of Aarhus. , is located in Denmark. , is affiliated with European University Association. Lars Løkke Rasmussen is the leader of ,. The headquarters of the , Association is in Brussels.
AWH Engineering College is located in India. , was established in 2001. , is located in the state of Kerala. Mumbai is the largest city in ,. The Ganges is a river in ,. Kochi is the leader of ,.
1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. Germans of Romania are an ethnic group in the United ,. Klaus Iohannis is the leader of ,. The patron Saint of , is Andrew the Apostle. Bucharest is the capital of ,. The anthem of , is called Deșteaptă-te, române! romane.
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has an academic staff of 737. , is located in the city of Aarhus. There are 16000 students at ,. , is located in Denmark. , was established in 1928. Lars Løkke Rasmussen is the leader of ,.
Atatürk Monument (İzmir) is made of Bronze. Alan B. , Hall was in augurated on 1932-07-27. , is located in Turkey. Ahmet Davutoğlu is the leader of ,. Ankara is the capital of ,. Istanbul is the largest city in ,. The Turkish lira is the currency in ,.
Atatürk Monument (İzmir) was designed by Pietro Pietro Canonica. , is made of Bronze. Alan B. , Hall was in augurated on 1932-07-27. , is located in Turkey. The leader of the United , is called President of Turkey. The leader of , is Ahmet Davutoğlu. Ankara is the capital of ,.
Alan B. Atatürk Monument (İzmir) Hall was in augurated on 1932-07-27. , is located in Turkey. The leader of the United , is called President of Turkey. Ahmet Davutoğlu is the leader of ,. Ankara is the capital of ,. Istanbul is the largest city in ,. The Turkish lira is the currency in ,.
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Switzerland. The dean of , is Mario Mario Botta. There are 600 students at ,. , was established in 1996. , has an academic staff of 100. , is located in the city of Mendrisio. The leader of the United , is called Federal Chancellor of Switzerland.
The president of Acharya Institute of Technology is B.M. Reddy. , is located in the city of Bangalore. Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar is the director of ,. , was established in 2000. , motto is Nurturing Excellence. , is located in India. , is located in the state of Karnataka.
All India Council for Technical Education was proud to give the Technical Campus status to Acharya Institute of Technology. Tennis is one of the sports offered at ,. , is located in the state of Karnataka. , is located in Mumbai. The sport , has a Governing Body called International Tennis Federation. , has to its northeast Telangana. Adams County , is East of Franklin County, Arabian Sea.
1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in the city of Alba Iulia. , is located in Romania. Germans of Romania are an ethnic group in the United ,. The leader of the United , is called Prime Minister of Romania. Klaus Iohannis is the leader of ,. Bucharest is the capital of ,. The anthem of , is called Deșteaptă-te, române! romane.
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has an academic staff of 737. The dean of , is Mario Thomas Pallesen. , is located in the city of Aarhus. , is located in Denmark. , is affiliated with European University Association. , was established in 1928. Lars Løkke Rasmussen is the leader of ,.
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in the city of Aarhus. , is located in Denmark. , is affiliated with European University Association. , is governed by the Magistrate City and County Council. The leader of the United , is called Monarchy of Denmark. Lars Løkke Rasmussen is the leader of ,. The headquarters of the , Association is in Brussels.
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in the city of Aarhus. , is affiliated with European University Association. The dean of , is Mario Thomas Pallesen. There are 16000 students at ,. , is located in Denmark. The Latin name of , is Universitas Aarhusiensis. , was established in 1928.
Alan Bean is from the United United States. , was a test Test pilot. , was born on 1932-03-15. UT Austin, B.S. 1955 is , almaMater. , was a part of the crew of Apollo 12 12. , was born in Wheeler, Texas. , Retired retired.
Alan Shepard Deceased retired. NWC, M.A. 1957 is , almaMater. , died in California. , was a test Test pilot. , was born in New Hampshire. , was chosen by NASA in 1959. , was born on 1923-11-18.
Alan Bean was a part of the crew of Apollo 12 12. , is from the United United States. , was a test Test pilot. , was born in Wheeler, Texas. Alfred Worden was a backup pilot of , 12. , is operated by NASA. , 12 was commanded by David Scott.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. Edwin E. ,, Jr. was commonly known as Buzz Edwin E. Aldrin, Jr.. , was chosen by NASA in 1963. , was a part of the crew of Apollo 11 12. , was a test Fighter pilot. Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963 is , almaMater. , was born on 1930-01-20.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. , is from the United United States. , spent 52.0(minutes) in space. , was a part of the crew of Apollo 11 12. , was a test Fighter pilot. Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963 is , almaMater. , was born on 1930-01-20.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. , is from the United United States. , was a part of the crew of Apollo 11 12. , was awarded 20. Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963 is , almaMater. , was born on 1930-01-20. , Retired retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. , was a part of the crew of Apollo 11 12. , Retired retired. , was born on 1930-01-20. , is from the United United States. , was chosen by NASA in 1963. , is operated by NASA.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. , was a part of the crew of Apollo 11 12. , Retired retired. , is from the United United States. Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963 is , almaMater. William Anders was a backup pilot of , 12. , is operated by NASA.
William Anders retired on 1969-09-01. , is from the United United States. , Retired retired. , was born on 1933-10-17. , was a test Fighter pilot. , was born in British Hong Kong. , was a part of the crew of Apollo 8 12.
William Anders retired on 1969-09-01. , was a part of the crew of Apollo 8 12. , is from the United United States. , was born in British Hong Kong. Buzz Aldrin was a backup pilot of , 12. Frank Frank Borman was a member of the crew on , 8. , is operated by NASA.
William Anders retired on 1969-09-01. , was chosen by NASA in 1963. , spent 8820.0(minutes) in space. , was born on 1933-10-17. , was a test Fighter pilot. , was born in British Hong Kong. , was a part of the crew of Apollo 8 12.
Aaron S. Daggett won Purple Heart.
One of the noted Aaron S. Daggett Air Force battles was the Battle of Mine Run of Grenada.
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam, Netherlands.
Abdul Rahman Ya'kub in Office While Vice President Tuanku Bujang Tuanku Othman
Abdul Taib Mahmud party Parti Bumiputera Sarawak
Abdul Taib Mahmud successor Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taib
Abdulsalami Abubakar active Years End Date 1999-05-29
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Minna.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State.
Abner W. Sibal active Years End Date 1965-01-03
Abner W. Sibal died in Alexandria, Virginia.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent.
Adam Holloway resides in the United Gravesend.
University of Adelaide is Adenan Satem almaMater.
Adolf Schärf was born in Mikulov.
Adonis Georgiadis in Office While Prime Minister Antonis Samaras
Adonis Georgiadis office (worked At, worked As) Deputy Minister for Development, Competitiveness and Shipping
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf.
Agnes Ward White was born in Marietta, Ohio.
Airey Neave active Years Start Date 1953-06-30
Airey Neave won Military Cross.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London.
Airey Neave military Rank Lieutenant colonel
Airey Neave service Start Year 1935
Albert B. White party Republican Party (United States)
Albert B. White spouse Agnes Ward White
Albert Jennings Fountain military Branch Union Army
Alberto Teisaire is from the United Argentina.
Alberto Teisaire profession Rear Admiral in the Argentine Navy
Alfons Gorbach died in Austria.
Alfred Moore Scales active Years Start Date 1875-03-04
One of the noted Alfred Moore Scales Air Force battles was the Battle of Chancellorsville of Grenada.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Darien, Connecticut.
Alfred N. Phillips office (worked At, worked As) Mayor of Stamford, Connecticut
Allan Shivers active Years Start Date 1947-01-21
Allan Shivers military Branch United States Army
Allan Shivers successor Price Daniel
Alvah Sabin active Years Start Date 1853-03-04
Alvah Sabin party Whig Party (United States)
American Civil War 12 was commanded by Robert E. Lee.
Austrian German is spoken in Austria.
Battle of Antietam 12 was commanded by Robert E. Lee.
Battle of Cold Harbor is Part Of Military Conflict American Civil War
Gabriela Michetti is the leader of Buenos Aires.
Gulf War 12 was commanded by Colin Powell.
John F. Kennedy predecessor Dwight D. Eisenhower
University of Vienna is Josef Klaus almaMater.
Juan Carlos I of Spain predecessor Francisco Franco
Juan Perón party Labour Party (Argentina)
Mark Rutte is the leader of Netherlands.
One of the noted United States Army Air Force battles was the Spanish–American War of Grenada.
William M. O. Dawson was born in Bloomington, Maryland.
1955 Dodge is also known as Dodge Coronet.
1955 Dodge engine 230 (cubic inches)
A-Rosa Luna christening Date 2005-04-07
AIDA Cruises is located in Rostock.
AIDAluna is operated by AIDA Cruises.
AIDAstella christening Date 2013-03-16
AIDAstella was completed in 2013-03-11.
AIDAstella maiden Voyage 2013-03-17
AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises.
ALV X-1 launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport
AMC Matador is also known as American Motors Matador.
ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) Sold to the Netherlands 1 April 1948 retired.
Abarth 1000 GT Coupé engine Straight-four engine
Acura TLX engine Honda K engine
Acura TLX layout AWD (vehicle)
Acura TLX related Mean Of Transportation Honda Accord
Acura TLX transmission 9-speed ZF 9HP automatic (V6)
Alfa Romeo 164 assembly Arese
Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Lancia Thema
Alfa Romeo 164 transmission 4-speed automatic (ZF 4HP18QE)
Alhambra builder Samuda Brothers
Alhambra ship Beam 8.3 m
Alhambra Wrecked retired.
Alhambra top Speed 18.52
Alvis Speed 25 engine Straight-six engine
Alvis Speed 25 model Start Year 1937
American submarine NR-1 ship Draft 4.6 m
Antares (rocket) final Flight 2014-10-28
Antares (rocket) launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0
Gabriela Michetti is the leader of Argentina.
Ariane 5 launch Site Guiana Space Centre
Ariane 5 maiden Flight 2005-08-11
Aston Martin V8 body Style Convertible
Aston Martin V8 manufacturer Aston Martin
Aston Martin Virage manufacturer Aston Martin
Atlas II final Flight 1998-03-16
Atlas II launch Site Vandenberg Air Force Base
Audi was founded August Horch Baron Reith.
Audi A1 assembly Audi Brussels
Audi A1 related Mean Of Transportation SEAT Ibiza
Caterpillar Inc. is located in Peoria, Illinois.
Costa Crociere is located in Genoa.
De Soto Custom related Mean Of Transportation Chrysler Newport
Fiat Croma related Mean Of Transportation Alfa Romeo 164
Germans inhabit Germany.
Norbert Lammert is the leader of Germany.
Stanislaw Tillich is the leader of Germany.
Gruppo Bertone was founded Giovanni Bertone Baron Reith.
Guiana Space Centre is Kourou, French Guiana.
Honda K engine manufacturer Honda
The anthem of United States is called The Star-Spangled Banner romane.
Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in the United United States.
A.C. Milan chairman is Silvio Berlusconi.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada.
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen.
Abel Hernández plays for Uruguay Olympic football team.
Abel Hernández plays for Uruguay national football team.
Abner (footballer) was born in Brazil.
Adam Maher was born in Diemen.
Adam Maher was born in Netherlands.
Adam Maher plays for Netherlands national under-17 football team.
Adam Maher plays for PSV Eindhoven.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Iraq national football team.
Akeem Adams was born in Point Fortin.
Akeem Dent former Team Atlanta Falcons
Akeem Priestley plays for Connecticut Huskies.
Al-Khor Sports Club play in Qatar Stars League.
The manager of Al-Zawra'a SC is Basim Qasim.
Al Kharaitiyat SC position Qatar Stars League
Alaa Abdul-Zahra was born in Baghdad.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Sanat Mes Kerman F.C..
Alan Martin (footballer) plays for Hamilton Academical F.C..
Alan Martin (footballer) plays for Scotland national under-19 football team.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. was born on 1995-09-02.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. plays for Florida Panthers.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. is 1.905.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. play in National Hockey League.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 1989-02-24.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Amkar Perm.
Aleksandre Guruli was born in Batumi.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Samtredia.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for Georgia national under-21 football team.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.S. Roma.
Michele Alessio Romagnoli played youth football for A.S. Roma.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba.
Alex Tyus play in Turkish Basketball Super League.
Atlanta Falcons is located in the city of Atlanta.
Boston Bruins general Manager Don Sweeney
Budapest is located in Hungary.
English language is spoken in Canada.
Slavey language is spoken in Canada.
Columbus Blue Jackets is located in the city of Columbus, Ohio.
The manager of FC Karpaty Lviv is Oleh Luzhny.
The manager of FC Torpedo Moscow is Valery Petrakov.
Ferencvárosi TC chairman is Gábor Kubatov.
Finnish language is spoken in Finland.
Italy national under-16 football team coach Daniele Zoratto
Maccabi Ashdod B.C. coach Zvi Sherf
Motherwell F.C. ground is in Fir Park.
The owner of Olympique Lyonnais is Jean-Michel Aulas.
St. Louis Rams is located in the city of St. Louis.
Tennessee Titans is located in the city of Nashville, Tennessee.
Aaron Bertram active Years Start Year 1998
Aaron Deer associated Band/associated Musical Artist The Horns of Happiness
Aaron Deer record Label Kill Rock Stars
Aaron Turner is in the genre of Avant-garde metal.
Aaron Turner is in the genre of Progressive metal.
Abradab background solo singer
Abradab was born on 1978-11-12.
Abradab was born in Poland.
Abradab is in the genre of Hip hop music.
Agustín Barboza is in the genre of Guarania (music).
Ahmet Ertegun was born in Istanbul, Turkey.
Alan Frew is in the genre of Rock music.
Albennie Jones associated Band/associated Musical Artist Sammy Price
Aleksandra Kovač background solo singer
Aleksandra Kovač was born in Yugoslavia.
Aleksandra Kovač is in the genre of Rhythm and blues.
Aleksandra Kovač is in the genre of Soul music.
Alex Day is in the genre of Synthpop.
Alfredo Zitarrosa associated Band/associated Musical Artist Héctor Numa Moraes
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Montevideo.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Uruguay.
Alfredo Zitarrosa record Label RCA Records
Alison O'Donnell active Years Start Year 1963
Alison O'Donnell is in the genre of Jazz.
Alison O'Donnell instrument Voice, bodhrán, percussion, autoharp
Allen Forrest was born on 1981-02-04.
Allen Forrest is in the genre of Pop music.
Alligator Records is located in Chicago.
Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Johnny Sansone
Anders Osborne is in the genre of Rhythm and blues.
Anders Osborne record Label Alligator Records
Andra (singer) is in the genre of Rhythm and blues.
Andrew Rayel active Years Start Year 2009
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Christian Burns
Andrew Rayel was born in Chișinău, Moldova.
Andrew White (musician) associated Band/associated Musical Artist Marry Banilow
Andrew White (musician) record Label B-Unique Records
Asunción is part of Gran Asunción.
Christian Burns instrument Guitar
Hip hop music music Subgenre Gangsta rap
Hip hop music stylistic Origin Funk
Indie rock stylistic Origin New wave music
Manchester is part of Greater Manchester.
Polydor Records is located in London.
RCA Records distributing Company Sony Music Entertainment
Rock and roll stylistic Origin Blues
Synthpop stylistic Origin Pop music
British people inhabit United Kingdom.
(19255) 1994 VK8 density 2.0 (gram Per Cubic Centimetres)
(29075) 1950 DA discoverer Carl A. Wirtanen
(410777) 2009 FD absolute Magnitude 22.1
(410777) 2009 FD apoapsis 259776702.47055 (kilometres)
(66063) 1998 RO1 apoapsis 254989570.60815 (kilometres)
(66063) 1998 RO1 epoch 2013-11-04
1000 Piazzia escape Velocity 0.0252 (kilometre Per Seconds)
1001 Gaussia was formerly called 1923 OAA907 XC.
1001 Gaussia maximum Temperature 165.0 (kelvins)
101 Helena apoapsis 441092000.0 (kilometres)
101 Helena epoch 2006-12-31
101 Helena mass 3.0 (kilograms)
1036 Ganymed average Speed 16.86 (kilometre Per Seconds)
103 Hera absolute Magnitude 7.66
103 Hera mass 7.9 (kilograms)
107 Camilla absolute Magnitude 7.08
107 Camilla discoverer A. Storrs
1089 Tama was formerly called A894 VA; A904 VD;.
1089 Tama orbital Period 1202.846 (days)
1097 Vicia average Speed 17.92 (kilometre Per Seconds)
1097 Vicia epoch 2006-12-31
1097 Vicia rotation Period 95040.0
109 Felicitas discoverer Christian Heinrich Friedrich Peters
109 Felicitas periapsis 283326000000.0
10 Hygiea average Speed 16.76 (kilometre Per Seconds)
1101 Clematis periapsis 445895000000.0
110 Lydia epoch 2006-12-31
11264 Claudiomaccone temperature 173.0 (kelvins)
University of Michigan is James Craig Watson almaMater.
N. R. Pogson was born in Nottingham.
Aaron S. Daggett won Purple Heart. One of the noted , Air Force battles was the Battle of Fredericksburg of Grenada.
One of the noted Aaron S. Daggett Air Force battles was the Battle of Gettysburg of Grenada. , won Purple Heart.
Abdul Taib Mahmud successor Abdul Rahman Ya'kub , has Deputy Stephen Yong Kuet Tze
Abdul Taib Mahmud party Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu , was born in Kingdom of Sarawak.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Minna. Technical Institute, Kaduna is , almaMater.
Abdulsalami Abubakar office (worked At, worked As) Chief of the Defence Staff (Nigeria) , was born in Niger State.
Abdulsalami Abubakar office (worked At, worked As) Chief of the Defence Staff (Nigeria) , successor Al-Amin Daggash
Abdulsalami Abubakar successor Olusegun Obasanjo , active Years End Date 1999-05-29
Abdulsalami Abubakar successor Olusegun Obasanjo , in Office While Vice President Mike Akhigbe
One of the noted Abner W. Sibal Air Force battles was the World War II of Grenada. , 12 was commanded by Joseph Stalin.
Abner W. Sibal military Branch United States Army One of the noted , Air Force battles was the Korean War of Grenada.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent. Magdalene College, Cambridge is , almaMater.
Adam Holloway resides in the United Gravesend. , was born in Kent.
One of the noted Adam Koc Air Force battles was the World War I of Grenada. , won Virtuti Militari.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens. , office (worked At, worked As) Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Greece. , was born in Athens.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Greece. , office (worked At, worked As) Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf. , office (worked At, worked As) Parliamentary group leader
Airey Neave won Military Cross. , unit Royal Artillery
One of the noted Airey Neave Air Force battles was the Battle of France of Grenada. , active Years Start Date 1974-03-04
One of the noted Airey Neave Air Force battles was the Battle of France of Grenada. , 12 was commanded by Hugo Sperrle.
One of the noted Airey Neave Air Force battles was the World War II of Grenada. , was born in Knightsbridge.
One of the noted Airey Neave Air Force battles was the World War II of Grenada. , 12 was commanded by Franklin D. Roosevelt.
One of the noted Airey Neave Air Force battles was the World War II of Grenada. , 12 was commanded by Joseph Stalin.
Albert B. White death Year 1941 , was born on 1856-09-22.
Albert B. White profession Politician , was born on 1856-09-22.
Albert Jennings Fountain died in Doña Ana County, New Mexico. , was born in New York City.
Albert Jennings Fountain in Office While Vice President Edmund J. Davis , died in New Mexico Territory.
Albert Jennings Fountain party Republican Party (United States) , was born in New York City.
Alberto Teisaire office (worked At, worked As) Provisional President of the Argentine Senate , successor Isaac Rojas
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria. , was born in Austria-Hungary.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol (state). , was born in Austria.
Alfred Moore Scales office (worked At, worked As) Governor of North Carolina , successor James W. Reid (politician)
Alfred Moore Scales successor Daniel Gould Fowle Princeton University is , almaMater.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Connecticut. , office (worked At, worked As) United States House of Representatives
Alfred N. Phillips military Branch United States Army One of the noted , Air Force battles was the American Civil War of Grenada.
One of the noted Allan Shivers Air Force battles was the World War II of Grenada. , 12 was commanded by Joseph Stalin.
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas. , office (worked At, worked As) Member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur)
Allan Shivers office (worked At, worked As) Member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur) , successor Ben Ramsey
Alvah Sabin was born on 1793-10-23. , office (worked At, worked As) Secretary of State of Vermont
Agnes Kant is located in Netherlands. The Euro is the currency in ,.
Agnes Kant is located in Netherlands. Mark Rutte is the leader of ,.
Albert B. White died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. , is located in United States.
Aaron Boogaard plays for Wichita Thunder. , was born in Saskatchewan.
Abel Hernández plays for Peñarol. The manager of , is Jorge Orosmán da Silva.
Abel Hernández plays for U.S. Città di Palermo. , plays for Peñarol.
Adam Maher plays for Netherlands national under-17 football team. , plays for AZ Alkmaar.
Adam Maher plays for PSV Eindhoven. , plays for Netherlands national under-17 football team.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Steel Azin F.C.. , plays for Al Shorta SC.
Akeem Adams plays for Ferencvárosi TC. The manager of , is Thomas Doll.
Akeem Adams plays for Trinidad and Tobago national football team. , plays for T&TEC Sports Club.
Akeem Ayers former Team New England Patriots , draft Pick 39
Akeem Ayers former Team Tennessee Titans , draft Pick 39
Akeem Dent birth Year 1987 , was born on 1987-09-27.
Akeem Priestley plays for Connecticut Huskies. , plays for Sheikh Russel KC.
Akeem Priestley plays for Ro PS. , plays for Sheikh Russel KC.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al-Khor Sports Club. , ground is in Al Khor.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC. The manager of , is Amar Osim.
Alan Martin (footballer) plays for Hamilton Academical F.C.. , plays for Leeds United F.C..
Alan Martin (footballer) plays for Hamilton Academical F.C.. , ground is in New Douglas Park.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. plays for Florida Panthers. , was born on 1995-09-02.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. plays for Florida Panthers. , was born in Tampere, Finland.
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow. The manager of , is Valery Petrakov.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow. , plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Tom Tomsk. , play in Russian Football National League.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv. , plays for FC Dinamo Batumi.
Alex Plante birth Year 1989 , was born in Manitoba.
Alex Tyus plays for Pallacanestro Cantù. , was born on 1988-01-08.
Alex Tyus play in Turkish Basketball Super League. , plays for Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C..
Alex Plante was born in Brandon, Manitoba. Conservative Party of Canada is the leader of ,.
Adam Mc Quaid was born in Canada. The anthem of , is called O Canada romane.
Adam Mc Quaid was born in Canada. English language is spoken in ,.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Dinamo Batumi. The manager of , is Levan Khomeriki.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow. , ground is in Otkrytiye Arena.
Akeem Priestley plays for Ro PS. , play in Veikkausliiga.
Akeem Adams plays for United Petrotrin F.C.. , ground is in Palo Seco Velodrome.
Aaron Deer is in the genre of Psychedelia. , instrument Guitar
Aaron Deer origin United States , origin Indiana
Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist Twilight (band) , is in the genre of Electroacoustic music.
Aaron Turner instrument Singing , is in the genre of Avant-garde metal.
Abradab associated Band/associated Musical Artist Magik (rapper) , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kaliber 44
Abradab was born on 1978-11-12. , was born in Katowice.
Abradab was born in Katowice. , was born in Poland.
Ace Wilder is in the genre of Hip hop music. , stylistic Origin Disco
Ace Wilder record Label Warner Music Group , background solo singer
Agustín Barboza was born in Paraguay. , record Label Philips Records
Alan Frew is in the genre of Rock music. , music Fusion Genre Bhangra (music)
Alan Frew is in the genre of Rock music. , stylistic Origin Country music
Albennie Jones is in the genre of Jazz. , stylistic Origin Blues
Aleksandra Kovač is in the genre of Pop music. , background solo singer
Aleksandra Kovač is in the genre of Rhythm and blues. , stylistic Origin Blues
Aleksandra Kovač is in the genre of Soul music. , active Years Start Year 1990
Alex Day is in the genre of Synthpop. , stylistic Origin New wave music
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England. , birth Year 1872
Alfredo Zitarrosa background solo singer , is in the genre of Milonga (music).
Alfredo Zitarrosa background solo singer , is in the genre of Taquirari.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay. , died in Montevideo.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Uruguay. , was born in Montevideo.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is in the genre of Zamba (artform). , background solo singer
Alison O'Donnell associated Band/associated Musical Artist Plastik Mak , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Bajik
Alison O'Donnell is in the genre of Folk rock. , record Label Floating World Records
Alison O'Donnell is in the genre of Jazz. , instrument Voice, bodhrán, percussion, autoharp
Allen Forrest is in the genre of Hip hop music. , background solo singer
Andrew White (musician) is in the genre of Alternative rock. , music Subgenre Christian alternative rock
Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Phil Lesh and Friends , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Tab Benoit
Anders Osborne is in the genre of Rhythm and blues. , record Label Rabadash Records
Anders Osborne is in the genre of Rhythm and blues. , record Label Shanachie Records
Andra (singer) is in the genre of Pop music. , active Years Start Year 2000
Andra (singer) is in the genre of Rhythm and blues. , stylistic Origin Blues
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Christian Burns , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Jonathan Mendelsohn
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Jonathan Mendelsohn , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Mark Sixma
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Jwaydan Moyine , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Armin van Buuren
Andrew White (musician) is in the genre of Alternative rock. , stylistic Origin New wave music
Al Anderson (NRBQ band) is in the genre of Country music. , instrument Banjo
Andrew White (musician) record Label Polydor Records , is located in London.
(19255) 1994 VK8 escape Velocity 0.0925 (kilometre Per Seconds) , apoapsis 6603633000.0 (kilometres)
(410777) 2009 FD apoapsis 259776702.47055 (kilometres) , minimum Temperature 211.0 (kelvins)
(410777) 2009 FD periapsis 88234300000.0 , discoverer Spacewatch
(66063) 1998 RO1 epoch 2013-11-04 , escape Velocity 0.0999 (kilometre Per Seconds)
(66391) 1999 KW4 epoch 2004-07-14 , orbital Period 16244700.0
(66391) 1999 KW4 epoch 2004-07-14 , rotation Period 9953.28
101 Helena discoverer James Craig Watson , death Cause Peritonitis
1036 Ganymed average Speed 16.86 (kilometre Per Seconds) , apoapsis 611961000.0 (kilometres)
1036 Ganymed discoverer Walter Baade , was born in German Empire.
1036 Ganymed discoverer Walter Baade , is from the United Germany.
103 Hera discoverer James Craig Watson , death Cause Peritonitis
103 Hera discoverer James Craig Watson , is from the United Canada.
107 Camilla discoverer N. R. Pogson , was born in Nottingham.
1089 Tama epoch 2005-11-26 , was formerly called A919 HA; 1927 WB;.
1089 Tama temperature 179.0 (kelvins) , apoapsis 373513000.0 (kilometres)
1097 Vicia epoch 2006-12-31 , periapsis 279142000000.0
109 Felicitas apoapsis 523329000.0 (kilometres) , temperature 170.0 (kelvins)
109 Felicitas epoch 2006-12-31 , periapsis 283326000000.0
109 Felicitas rotation Period 47487.6 , epoch 2006-12-31
10 Hygiea apoapsis 523951582.33968 (kilometres) , temperature 164.0 (kelvins)
10 Hygiea was formerly called A900 GA. , epoch 2015-06-27
110 Lydia epoch 2006-12-31 , mass 6.7 (kilograms)
110 Lydia epoch 2006-12-31 , orbital Period 142603000.0
A-Rosa Luna ship Class Cruise ship , length 125800.0 (millimetres)
A-Rosa Luna ship Ordered 2004-01-22 , length 125800.0 (millimetres)
AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises. , is located in Germany.
AIDAluna is operated by AIDA Cruises. , is located in Rostock.
AIDAluna top Speed 40.744 , length 252000.0 (millimetres)
AIDAstella christening Date 2013-03-16 , length 253260.0 (millimetres)
ALCO RS-3 builder Montreal Locomotive Works , power Type Diesel-electric transmission
ALV X-1 diameter 1.524 (metres) , rocket Stages 2
AMC Matador assembly Kenosha, Wisconsin , model Years 1974
AMC Matador was designed by Pietro Richard A. Teague. , employer Chrysler
ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) length 192000.0 (millimetres) , is located in Argentina.
Alfa Romeo 164 assembly Milan , related Mean Of Transportation Saab 9000
Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Fiat Croma , assembly Italy
Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Lancia Thema , assembly Italy
Alvis Speed 25 manufacturer Alvis Car and Engineering Company , is located in Coventry.
Alvis Speed 25 transmission single plate clutch, separate 4-speed gearbox all-silent and all-syncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle , engine 4387.0 (cubic Centimetres)
Alvis Speed 25 transmission single plate clutch, separate 4-speed gearbox all-silent and all-syncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle , engine Straight-six engine
AMC Matador manufacturer American Motors , successor Eagle (automobile)
Antares (rocket) maiden Flight 2014-01-09 , launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport
ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) is located in Argentina. Gabriela Michetti is the leader of ,.
Ariane 5 launch Site ELA-3 , manufacturer Airbus Defence and Space
Ariane 5 manufacturer Airbus Defence and Space , is the parent company of the Airbus Group Press.
Aston Martin V8 assembly United Kingdom , related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin RHAM/1
Aston Martin V8 manufacturer Aston Martin , successor Aston Martin Virage
Aston Martin V8 related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin DBS , successor Aston Martin Virage
Aston Martin V8 successor Aston Martin Virage , manufacturer Aston Martin
Atlas II final Flight 1998-03-16 , diameter 3.04 m
Atlas II launch Site Cape Canaveral Air Force Station , manufacturer Lockheed Martin
Audi A1 manufacturer Audi , belongs to the division of Audi e-tron.
Audi A1 manufacturer Audi , subsidiary Ducati
Audi A1 manufacturer Audi , subsidiary Quattro Gmb H
AIDAluna power Type Caterpillar Inc. Rona Douglas R. Oberhelman is the key person for ,.
Antares (rocket) comparable Delta II , launch Site Vandenberg Air Force Base
Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) builder Finland Juha Sipilä is the leader of ,.
American submarine NR-1 builder General Dynamics Electric Boat , is the parent company of the General Dynamics Press.
A-Rosa Luna power Type MTU Friedrichshafen The owner of , is Rolls-Royce Holdings.
Aston Martin V8 assembly United Kingdom Elizabeth II is the leader of ,.
Aaron S. Daggett won Purple Heart. , was born in Maine. One of the noted , Air Force battles was the Battle of Fredericksburg of Grenada.
Erasmus University Rotterdam is Ab Klink almaMater. , party Christian Democratic Appeal , was born in Netherlands.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Kingdom of Sarawak. , successor Abdul Rahman Ya'kub , has Deputy Stephen Yong Kuet Tze
Abdul Taib Mahmud resides in the United Sarawak. , was born in Kingdom of Sarawak. , party Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State. Technical Institute, Kaduna is , almaMater. , office (worked At, worked As) Chief of the Defence Staff (Nigeria)
Abdulsalami Abubakar successor Olusegun Obasanjo , military Branch Nigerian Air Force , in Office While Vice President Atiku Abubakar
Abdulsalami Abubakar successor Olusegun Obasanjo , military Branch Nigerian Army , in Office While Vice President Atiku Abubakar
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas. , office (worked At, worked As) Member of the Congress of Deputies , was born in Galicia (Spain).
Abel Caballero was born in Spain. , was born in Galicia (Spain). , party Spanish Socialist Workers' Party
One of the noted Abner W. Sibal Air Force battles was the World War II of Grenada. , military Branch United States Army , 12 was commanded by Joseph Stalin.
Abner W. Sibal office (worked At, worked As) Member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District , party Republican Party (United States) , was born in Ridgewood, Queens.
One of the noted Adam Holloway Air Force battles was the Gulf War of Grenada. , military Branch Grenadier Guards , 12 was commanded by George H. W. Bush.
Adam Holloway party Conservative Party (UK) , was born in Faversham. Magdalene College, Cambridge is , almaMater.
One of the noted Adam Koc Air Force battles was the Polish–Soviet War of Grenada. , was born in Congress Poland. , 12 was commanded by Leon Trotsky.
One of the noted Adam Koc Air Force battles was the Polish–Soviet War of Grenada. , is Part Of Military Conflict Russian Civil War , 12 was commanded by Leon Trotsky.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Greece. , office (worked At, worked As) Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally , was born in Athens.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Greece. , office (worked At, worked As) Minister for Health , was born in Athens.
Adonis Georgiadis in Office While Prime Minister Antonis Samaras , party New Democracy (Greece) , colour Blue
Agnes Kant is from the United Netherlands. , office (worked At, worked As) House of Representatives (Netherlands) Mark Rutte is the leader of ,.
Agnes Kant is from the United Netherlands. , party Socialist Party (Netherlands) Mark Rutte is the leader of ,.
Agnes Kant office (worked At, worked As) Member of the House of Representatives , was born in West Germany. Radboud University Nijmegen is , almaMater.
One of the noted Airey Neave Air Force battles was the World War II of Grenada. , active Years Start Date 1953-06-30 , active Years End Date 1979-03-30
One of the noted Airey Neave Air Force battles was the World War II of Grenada. , active Years Start Date 1974-03-04 , active Years End Date 1979-03-30
Albert B. White death Year 1941 , was born on 1856-09-22. , date Of Death 1941-07-03
Albert B. White spouse Agnes Ward White , successor William M. O. Dawson , was born in Marietta, Ohio.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island. , died in United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United ,.
Albert Jennings Fountain died in New Mexico Territory. , was born in New York City. , was born in Staten Island.
Albert Jennings Fountain died in United States. , was born in New York. , was born in Staten Island.
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires. ,'s governing body is Buenos Aires City Legislature. Horacio Rodríguez Larreta is the leader of ,.
Alberto Teisaire profession Rear admiral , successor Isaac Rojas , was born in Mendoza, Argentina.
Alfons Gorbach died in Graz. , was born in County of Tyrol. , was born in Austria.
Alfred N. Phillips successor Albert E. Austin , was born in Connecticut. , office (worked At, worked As) Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district
Alfred N. Phillips successor Albert E. Austin , was born in Darien, Connecticut. , office (worked At, worked As) Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district
Allan Shivers office (worked At, worked As) Member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur) , party Democratic Party (United States) , successor Wilfred R. Cousins, Jr.
Alvah Sabin active Years End Date 1857-03-03 , is from the Vermont region. Burlington, Vermont is the largest city in ,.
Alvah Sabin party Whig Party (United States) , was born on 1793-10-23. Henry Clay is the leader of ,.
Alvah Sabin party Whig Party (United States) , was born in Georgia, Vermont. Daniel Webster is the leader of ,.
One of the noted Albert Jennings Fountain Air Force battles was the American Civil War of Grenada. , was born in United States. , 12 was commanded by Abraham Lincoln.
One of the noted Alfred Moore Scales Air Force battles was the Battle of Fredericksburg of Grenada. , is Part Of Military Conflict American Civil War , 12 was commanded by Jefferson Davis.
Alfons Gorbach was born in County of Tyrol. , died in Austria. Doris Bures is the leader of ,.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol (state). , died in Austria. Doris Bures is the leader of ,.
Alfons Gorbach died in Styria. , died in Austria. Doris Bures is the leader of ,.
One of the noted Aaron S. Daggett Air Force battles was the Battle of Salem Church of Grenada. , 12 was commanded by Robert E. Lee. , is Part Of Military Conflict American Civil War
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam. , is from the United Netherlands. The Euro is the currency in ,.
Adam Koc is from the United Poland. Polish language is spoken in ,. Kashubians are an ethnic group in the United ,.
(19255) 1994 VK8 escape Velocity 0.0925 (kilometre Per Seconds) , mass 5.6 (kilograms) , apoapsis 6603633000.0 (kilometres)
(410777) 2009 FD orbital Period 39447000.0 , periapsis 88234300000.0 , discoverer Spacewatch
(66063) 1998 RO1 minimum Temperature -71.0 (degree Celsius) , maximum Temperature 500.0 (kelvins) , apoapsis 254989570.60815 (kilometres)
(66391) 1999 KW4 average Speed 37.16 (kilometre Per Seconds) , density 2.0 (gram Per Cubic Centimetres) , apoapsis 162164091.8388 (kilometres)
1000 Piazzia orbital Period 488160.0 , periapsis 352497000000.0 , epoch 2015-06-27
1001 Gaussia epoch 2015-06-27 , was formerly called 1923 OAA907 XC. , periapsis 419113394.55312 (kilometres)
101 Helena mass 3.0 (kilograms) , escape Velocity 0.0348 (kilometre Per Seconds) , apoapsis 441092000.0 (kilometres)
1036 Ganymed discoverer Walter Baade , is from the United Germany. University of Göttingen is , almaMater.
103 Hera discoverer James Craig Watson , epoch 2011-08-27 , died in Madison, Wisconsin.
103 Hera discoverer James Craig Watson , died in Madison, Wisconsin. , death Cause Peritonitis
103 Hera epoch 2011-08-27 , orbital Period 1622.213 (days) , apoapsis 437170000.0 (kilometres)
103 Hera escape Velocity 0.0482 (kilometre Per Seconds) , temperature 170.0 (kelvins) , apoapsis 437170000.0 (kilometres)
107 Camilla discoverer N. R. Pogson , was born in Nottingham. , is from the United England.
1089 Tama epoch 2005-11-26 , was formerly called A894 VA; A904 VD;. , orbital Period 1202.846 (days)
1089 Tama epoch 2005-11-26 , periapsis 288749000000.0 , apoapsis 373513000.0 (kilometres)
1097 Vicia epoch 2006-12-31 , was formerly called 1928 PC. , periapsis 279142000000.0
109 Felicitas epoch 2006-12-31 , mass 7.5 (kilograms) , orbital Period 139705000.0
109 Felicitas epoch 2006-12-31 , orbital Period 139705000.0 , apoapsis 523329000.0 (kilometres)
10 Hygiea average Speed 16.76 (kilometre Per Seconds) , orbital Period 5.57 (days) , apoapsis 523951582.33968 (kilometres)
10 Hygiea average Speed 16.76 (kilometre Per Seconds) , surface Area 837080.744 (square Kilometres) , apoapsis 523951582.33968 (kilometres)
10 Hygiea surface Area 837080.744 (square Kilometres) , apoapsis 523951582.33968 (kilometres) , temperature 164.0 (kelvins)
110 Lydia epoch 2006-12-31 , mass 6.7 (kilograms) , periapsis 377016000000.0
110 Lydia epoch 2006-12-31 , periapsis 377016000000.0 , apoapsis 440756000.0 (kilometres)
Aaron Bertram associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kids Imagine Nation , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Suburban Legends , is in the genre of Pop music.
Aaron Deer is in the genre of Indie rock. , origin Indiana , origin United States
Aaron Deer origin United States , is in the genre of Psychedelia. , origin Indiana
Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist Twilight (band) , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Greymachine , is in the genre of Black metal.
Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist Twilight (band) , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Greymachine , is in the genre of Drone music.
Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist Twilight (band) , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Mamiffer , is in the genre of Ambient music.
Aaron Turner is in the genre of Black metal. , instrument Electric guitar , music Fusion Genre Death metal
Aaron Turner is in the genre of Black metal. , instrument Singing , music Fusion Genre Death metal
Abradab associated Band/associated Musical Artist Magik (rapper) , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kaliber 44 , was born on 1978-11-12.
Abradab associated Band/associated Musical Artist Magik (rapper) , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kaliber 44 , origin Katowice
Ace Wilder is in the genre of Hip hop music. , stylistic Origin Funk , stylistic Origin Disco
Agustín Barboza was born in Asunción. , was born in Paraguay. Juan Afara is the leader of ,.
Al Anderson (NRBQ band) associated Band/associated Musical Artist NRBQ , instrument Singing , is in the genre of Rock music.
Alan Frew is in the genre of Rock music. , stylistic Origin Country music , music Fusion Genre Bhangra (music)
Albennie Jones is in the genre of Jazz. , stylistic Origin Blues , music Fusion Genre Afrobeat
Albennie Jones is in the genre of Rhythm and blues. , was born in Errata, Mississippi. , derivative Disco
Aleksandra Kovač associated Band/associated Musical Artist Bebi Dol , associated Band/associated Musical Artist K2 (Kovač sisters duo) , is in the genre of Pop music.
Aleksandra Kovač associated Band/associated Musical Artist Bebi Dol , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kornelije Kovač , is in the genre of Pop music.
Aleksandra Kovač is in the genre of Rhythm and blues. , associated Band/associated Musical Artist K2 (Kovač sisters duo) , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kristina Kovač
Alex Day is in the genre of Synthpop. , stylistic Origin Pop music , stylistic Origin Disco
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England. , was born in Manchester. , died in Sidcup.
Alfred Garth Jones died in London. , was born in England. , is from the United United Kingdom.
Alfred Garth Jones died in London. , is from the United United Kingdom. , was born in Manchester.
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup. , was born in Manchester. Labour Party (UK) is the leader of ,.
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup. , died in London. Boris Johnson is the leader of ,.
Alison O'Donnell associated Band/associated Musical Artist Flibbertigibbet , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Mellow Candle , is in the genre of Folk music of Ireland.
Alison O'Donnell associated Band/associated Musical Artist Mellow Candle , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Flibbertigibbet , is in the genre of Folk music.
Alison O'Donnell is in the genre of Jazz. , instrument Voice, bodhrán, percussion, autoharp , derivative Funk
Alison O'Donnell is in the genre of Jazz. , record Label Static Caravan Recordings , derivative Funk
Allen Forrest was born in Dothan, Alabama. , is in the genre of Pop music. , background solo singer
Allen Forrest is in the genre of Rhythm and blues. , was born in Dothan, Alabama. , background solo singer
Andrew White (musician) is in the genre of Alternative rock. , music Fusion Genre Nu metal , stylistic Origin New wave music
Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Billy Iuso , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Tab Benoit , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kirk Joseph
Anders Osborne record Label Rabadash Records , is in the genre of Rock music. , music Fusion Genre Bhangra (music)
Andra (singer) associated Band/associated Musical Artist Puya (singer) , associated Band/associated Musical Artist CRBL , is in the genre of Dance-pop.
Andra (singer) is in the genre of Rhythm and blues. , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Andreea Bălan , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Marius Moga
Andra (singer) is in the genre of Rhythm and blues. , background solo singer , derivative Disco
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Christian Burns , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Jonathan Mendelsohn , is in the genre of Trance music.
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Jonathan Mendelsohn , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Bobina , is in the genre of Trance music.
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Jwaydan Moyine , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Christian Burns , is in the genre of House music.
Andrew White (musician) associated Band/associated Musical Artist Marry Banilow , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kaiser Chiefs , record Label Universal Records (defunct record label)
Aaron Bertram associated Band/associated Musical Artist Suburban Legends , is in the genre of Ska punk. , stylistic Origin Ska
Albennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi. , was born in United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United ,.
1955 Dodge engine V8 engine , transmission 3-speed automatic , is also known as Dodge Coronet.
A-Rosa Luna ship Class Cruise ship , length 125800.0 (millimetres) , ship Ordered 2004-01-22
A-Rosa Luna ship Displacement 1850.0 (tonnes) , top Speed 24.0 , length 125800.0 (millimetres)
AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises. The owner of , is Costa Crociere. , is located in Germany.
AIDAstella christening Date 2013-03-16 , ship In Service 2013-03-17 , length 253260.0 (millimetres)
ALCO RS-3 builder American Locomotive Company , engine Four-stroke engine , length 17068.8 (millimetres)
ALCO RS-3 builder American Locomotive Company , engine V12 engine , length 17068.8 (millimetres)
ALCO RS-3 builder American Locomotive Company , length 17068.8 (millimetres) Marriott , was founded in Schenectady, New York
ALV X-1 country Origin United States African Americans are an ethnic group in the United ,. Americans inhabit ,.
ALV X-1 country Origin United States Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in the United ,. Washington, D.C. is the capital of ,.
ALV X-1 diameter 1.524 (metres) , rocket Stages 2 , total Launches 1
Abarth 1000 GT Coupé production End Year 1958 , body Style Coupé , engine Straight-four engine
Abarth 1000 GT Coupé wheelbase 2160.0 (millimetres) , width 1.55 , body Style Two door coupé
Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) ship Beam 21.2 , builder Helsinki , builder Arctech Helsinki Shipyard
Alfa Romeo 164 assembly Italy , related Mean Of Transportation Fiat Croma Rome is the capital of ,.
Alfa Romeo 164 assembly Italy , related Mean Of Transportation Lancia Thema Rome is the capital of ,.
Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Fiat Croma , assembly Arese , related Mean Of Transportation Lancia Thema
Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Fiat Croma , assembly Milan , related Mean Of Transportation Saab 9000
Alhambra ship Beam 8.3 m , length 63800.0 (millimetres) , ship Launch 1855-05-31
Alhambra ship Beam 8.3 m , ship Launch 1855-05-31 , Wrecked retired.
Alvis Speed 25 manufacturer Alvis Car and Engineering Company , engine Petrol Marriott , was founded in Coventry
AMC Matador manufacturer American Motors , fate Eagle (automobile) Rona Roy D. Chapin, Jr. is the key person for ,.
Antares (rocket) manufacturer Yuzhnoye Design Office , comparable Delta II , country Origin United States
Antares (rocket) manufacturer Yuzhnoye Design Office , launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 , function Medium expendable launch system
Ariane 5 manufacturer Arianespace , launch Site ELA-3 , site Guiana Space Centre
Aston Martin V8 related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin DBS , assembly Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom , engine 5.3 (litres)
Aston Martin V8 related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin DBS , engine 5.3 (litres) , assembly United Kingdom
Atlas II country Origin United States , launch Site Vandenberg Air Force Base , launch Site Cape Canaveral Air Force Station
Atlas II country Origin United States Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in the United ,. The leader of the United , is called President of the United States.
Atlas II launch Site Cape Canaveral Air Force Station , country Origin United States , launch Site Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36
Audi A1 engine 1.2 (litres) , assembly Audi Brussels , body Style Hatchback
Audi A1 manufacturer Audi , related Mean Of Transportation SEAT Ibiza , related Mean Of Transportation Volkswagen Polo
AIDAluna power Type Caterpillar Inc. Marriott , was founded in California , is located in Peoria, Illinois.
The owner of AIDAluna is AIDA Cruises. , power Type Caterpillar Inc. , is located in Illinois.
AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises. The owner of , is Costa Crociere. , is located in Genoa.
Antares (rocket) comparable Delta II , launch Site Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2 , country Origin United States
Ariane 5 launch Site ELA-3 , site Guiana Space Centre , is French Guiana.
Ariane 5 launch Site ELA-3 , site Guiana Space Centre , is located in Kourou, French Guiana.
A-Rosa Luna builder Neptun Werft , is located in Rostock. , location Country Germany
Atlas II country Origin United States Americans inhabit ,. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United ,.
Aaron Hunt plays for Vf L Wolfsburg. Michele , played youth football for Goslarer SC 08. , plays for SV Werder Bremen.
Aaron Hunt plays for Vf L Wolfsburg. , plays for SV Werder Bremen II. The manager of , is Dieter Hecking.
Michele Abel Hernández played youth football for Central Español. , plays for Hull City A.F.C.. , plays for U.S. Città di Palermo.
Michele Abel Hernández played youth football for Central Español. , plays for U.S. Città di Palermo. , plays for Peñarol.
Adam Maher plays for PSV Eindhoven. , was born in Netherlands. , plays for AZ Alkmaar.
Akeem Adams plays for United Petrotrin F.C.. , plays for W Connection F.C.. , ground is in Palo Seco.
Akeem Ayers former Team Los Angeles Rams , draft Round 2 , draft Pick 39
Akeem Ayers former Team St. Louis Rams , draft Round 2 , draft Pick 39
Akeem Dent debut Team Atlanta Falcons , was born on 1987-09-27. , was born in Atlanta, Georgia.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra was born in Iraq. , plays for Shabab Al-Ordon Club. , plays for Iraq national under-20 football team.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC. , plays for Shabab Al-Ordon Club. , ground is in Al Khor.
Alan Martin (footballer) plays for Hamilton Academical F.C.. , was born on 1989-01-01. , plays for Clyde F.C..
Alan Martin (footballer) plays for Motherwell F.C.. , plays for Accrington Stanley F.C.. , ground is in Accrington.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. plays for Florida Panthers. , was born on 1995-09-02. , was born in Tampere, Finland.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. draft Team Florida Panthers , was born on 1995-09-02. , was born in Tampere, Finland.
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia. , was born in Soviet Union. Vladimir Putin is the leader of ,.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 1989-02-24. , plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar. , plays for FC Alania Vladikavkaz.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 1989-02-24. , plays for Russia national football B team. , plays for FC Tom Tomsk.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for Olympique Lyonnais. , plays for AZAL PFK. , ground is in Parc Olympique Lyonnais.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for Olympique Lyonnais. , plays for US Lesquin. , ground is in Parc Olympique Lyonnais.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.C. Milan. , plays for Italy national under-16 football team. The manager of , is Siniša Mihajlović.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.C. Milan. , plays for U.C. Sampdoria. The manager of , is Siniša Mihajlović.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for Italy national under-16 football team. , plays for A.S. Roma. , coach Daniele Zoratto
Alessio Romagnoli plays for Italy national under-17 football team. , plays for U.C. Sampdoria. , was born in Italy.
Alex Plante was born in Brandon, Manitoba. , is 1.9304. , plays for Anyang Halla.
Alex Plante is 1.9304. , plays for Anyang Halla. , was born in Canada.
Alex Tyus play in Euroleague. , plays for Maccabi Ashdod B.C.. , coach Zvi Sherf
Alex Tyus play in Turkish Basketball Super League. , plays for Maccabi Ashdod B.C.. , coach Zvi Sherf
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Tom Tomsk. , plays for FC Spartak Moscow. , ground is in Otkrytiye Arena.
Michele Aleksandr Prudnikov played youth football for FC Spartak Moscow. , plays for FC Anzhi Makhachkala. , ground is in Otkrytiye Arena.
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow. , played in the 2014–15 Russian Premier League season. The manager of , is Valery Petrakov.
Abel Hernández plays for Hull City A.F.C.. , plays for Uruguay Olympic football team. The manager of , is Steve Bruce.
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia. , was born in Moscow. Sergey Sobyanin is the leader of ,.
Abner (footballer) plays for Brazil national under-20 football team. , plays for Real Madrid Castilla. The manager of , is Luis Miguel Ramis.
Abner (footballer) plays for Real Madrid Castilla. , plays for C.D. FAS. The manager of , is Luis Miguel Ramis.
Alex Tyus was born in St. Louis. , is part of Greater St. Louis. Francis G. Slay is the leader of ,.
Akeem Ayers former Team New England Patriots , debut Team Tennessee Titans , is located in the city of Nashville, Tennessee.
Akeem Adams plays for Trinidad and Tobago national under-20 football team. , plays for United Petrotrin F.C.. , ground is in Palo Seco.
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen. , plays for SV Werder Bremen II. The manager of , is Alexander Nouri. , play in 3. Liga.
Abel Hernández plays for Peñarol. Michele , played youth football for Central Español. , plays for Hull City A.F.C.. The manager of , is Steve Bruce.
Michele Abel Hernández played youth football for Peñarol. , plays for Central Español. , plays for U.S. Città di Palermo. The manager of , is Jorge Orosmán da Silva.
Michele Abel Hernández played youth football for Peñarol. , plays for U.S. Città di Palermo. The manager of , is Giuseppe Iachini. , play in Serie A.
Adam Mc Quaid was born in Prince Edward Island. , was born on 1986-10-12. , weight 94.8024 (kilograms) , birth Year 1986
Adam Mc Quaid draft Team Columbus Blue Jackets , plays for Boston Bruins. , is located in the city of Columbus, Ohio. , general Manager Don Sweeney
Akeem Ayers former Team St. Louis Rams , was born on 1989-07-10. , debut Team Tennessee Titans , birth Year 1989
Akeem Dent birth Year 1987 , former Team Houston Texans , was born on 1987-09-27. , was born in Atlanta, Georgia.
Akeem Dent debut Team Atlanta Falcons , former Team Houston Texans , was born on 1987-09-27. , was born in Atlanta, Georgia.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al-Zawra'a SC. , plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC. , ground is in Al Khor. The manager of , is Amar Osim.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC. , plays for Iraq national under-23 football team. , ground is in Al Khor. The manager of , is Amar Osim.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC. , plays for Shabab Al-Ordon Club. , ground is in Al Khor. The manager of , is Amar Osim.
Alan Martin (footballer) plays for Hamilton Academical F.C.. , was born on 1989-01-01. , is 185.42 (centimetres). , plays for Crewe Alexandra F.C..
Alan Martin (footballer) plays for Scotland national under-21 football team. , was born on 1989-01-01. , is 185.42 (centimetres). , plays for Crewe Alexandra F.C..
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 1989-02-24. , is 185.0 (centimetres). , plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar. , plays for FC Dynamo Moscow.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow. , was born on 1989-02-24. , is 185.0 (centimetres). , plays for FC Rubin Kazan.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv. , was born in Batumi. , is 178.0 (centimetres). , plays for FC Zestafoni.
Alex Plante birth Year 1989 , plays for Anyang Halla. , was born in Canada. , was born on 1989-05-09.
Alex Plante birth Year 1989 , is 1.9304. , plays for Anyang Halla. , was born in Canada.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada. The anthem of , is called O Canada romane. Elizabeth II is the leader of ,. Inuktitut is spoken in ,.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada. The anthem of , is called O Canada romane. Elizabeth II is the leader of ,. Asian Canadians are an ethnic group in the United ,.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada. The anthem of , is called O Canada romane. Elizabeth II is the leader of ,. Slavey language is spoken in ,.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Terek Grozny. , plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar. , ground is in Grozny. The manager of , is Rashid Rakhimov.
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow. , played in the 2014–15 Russian Premier League season. The manager of , is Valery Petrakov. , chairman is Aleksandr Tukmanov.
Akeem Dent debut Team Atlanta Falcons , former Team Houston Texans , is located in the city of Texas. , is located in the city of Houston.
Michele Abel Hernández played youth football for Peñarol. , plays for Hull City A.F.C.. , play in Uruguayan Primera División. The manager of , is Steve Bruce.
(19255) 1994 VK8 epoch 2006-12-31 , orbital Period 8788850000.0 , periapsis 6155910000000.0 , apoapsis 6603633000.0 (kilometres)
(66063) 1998 RO1 epoch 2013-11-04 , orbital Period 360.29 (days) , escape Velocity 0.0999 (kilometre Per Seconds) , apoapsis 254989570.60815 (kilometres)
(66063) 1998 RO1 mean Temperature 265.0 (kelvins) , apoapsis 254989570.60815 (kilometres) , epoch 2013-11-04 , orbital Period 360.29 (days)
1000 Piazzia epoch 2015-06-27 , orbital Period 488160.0 , periapsis 352497000000.0 , escape Velocity 0.0252 (kilometre Per Seconds)
1001 Gaussia discoverer Sergey Belyavsky , epoch 2015-06-27 , was formerly called 1923 OAA907 XC. , periapsis 419113394.55312 (kilometres)
1036 Ganymed discoverer Walter Baade , was born in German Empire. University of Göttingen is , almaMater. , doctoral Student Allan Sandage
1036 Ganymed discoverer Walter Baade , doctoral Student Halton Arp , was born in Preußisch Oldendorf. University of Göttingen is , almaMater.
1036 Ganymed discoverer Walter Baade , doctoral Student Halton Arp , died in West Germany. University of Göttingen is , almaMater.
103 Hera discoverer James Craig Watson University of Michigan is , almaMater. , died in Madison, Wisconsin. , death Cause Peritonitis
103 Hera discoverer James Craig Watson , apoapsis 437170000.0 (kilometres) , is from the United Canada. , died in Madison, Wisconsin.
103 Hera discoverer James Craig Watson , is from the United Canada. , died in Madison, Wisconsin. , death Cause Peritonitis
107 Camilla discoverer N. R. Pogson , periapsis 479343000.0 (kilometres) , died in Chennai. , was born in Nottingham.
107 Camilla discoverer N. R. Pogson , discovered 2001-03-01 , died in Chennai. , was born in Nottingham.
1089 Tama epoch 2005-11-26 , was formerly called A894 VA; A904 VD;. , orbital Period 1202.846 (days) , periapsis 288749000000.0
1089 Tama escape Velocity 0.0068 (kilometre Per Seconds) , orbital Period 1202.846 (days) , epoch 2005-11-26 , apoapsis 373513000.0 (kilometres)
1097 Vicia epoch 2006-12-31 , mass 9.8 (kilograms) , orbital Period 135589000.0 , apoapsis 511592000.0 (kilometres)
109 Felicitas epoch 2006-12-31 , orbital Period 139705000.0 , periapsis 283326000000.0 , escape Velocity 0.0473 (kilometre Per Seconds)
10 Hygiea epoch 2015-06-27 , was formerly called A900 GA. , orbital Period 5.57 (days) , periapsis 416136000000.0
1101 Clematis epoch 2006-12-31 , escape Velocity 0.02 (kilometre Per Seconds) , orbital Period 183309000.0 , apoapsis 520906000.0 (kilometres)
1101 Clematis epoch 2006-12-31 , was formerly called 1928 SJ. , orbital Period 183309000.0 , periapsis 445895000000.0
1101 Clematis escape Velocity 0.02 (kilometre Per Seconds) , orbital Period 183309000.0 , periapsis 445895000000.0 , epoch 2006-12-31
1955 Dodge engine V8 engine , manufacturer Dodge , transmission 3-speed automatic , wheelbase 120.0 (inches)
1955 Dodge related Mean Of Transportation De Soto Custom , related Mean Of Transportation Chrysler Newport , successor De Soto Firedome , manufacturer De Soto (automobile)
AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises. , builder Meyer Werft The owner of , is Costa Crociere. , is located in Rostock.
AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises. , length 253260.0 (millimetres) , builder Meyer Werft The owner of , is Costa Crociere.
ALCO RS-3 builder American Locomotive Company , build Date May 1950 - August 1956 , engine V12 engine , power Type Diesel-electric transmission
ALCO RS-3 builder American Locomotive Company , length 17068.8 (millimetres) , engine V12 engine , build Date May 1950 - August 1956
ALCO RS-3 builder American Locomotive Company , length 17068.8 (millimetres) , location Country United States Marriott , was founded in Schenectady, New York
ALCO RS-3 builder Montreal Locomotive Works , build Date May 1950 - August 1956 , engine V12 engine , power Type Diesel-electric transmission
ALCO RS-3 builder Montreal Locomotive Works , cylinder Count 12 , build Date May 1950 - August 1956 , engine Four-stroke engine
AMC Matador is also known as American Motors Matador. , assembly Mexico City , body Style Station wagon , engine AMC V8 engine
AMC Matador is also known as VAM Classic. , assembly Kenosha, Wisconsin , class is Mid-size car. , engine AMC straight-6 engine
Acura TLX assembly Marysville, Ohio , class is Mid-size car. , layout front-wheel drive / all-wheel drive , engine Honda K engine
Acura TLX assembly Marysville Auto Plant , engine V6 engine , layout Front-engine design , class is Luxury vehicle.
Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) builder Finland , ship Beam 21.2 , In service retired. , builder Arctech Helsinki Shipyard
Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) builder Finland , builder Helsinki Finns inhabit ,. Juha Sipilä is the leader of ,.
Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) ship Beam 21.2 , In service retired. , builder Helsinki , builder Arctech Helsinki Shipyard
Alfa Romeo 164 assembly Italy , related Mean Of Transportation Saab 9000 , engine Straight-four engine , related Mean Of Transportation Lancia Thema
Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Fiat Croma , assembly Italy , related Mean Of Transportation Saab 9000 , engine V6 engine
Alhambra ship Beam 8.3 m , length 63800.0 (millimetres) , ship Launch 1855-05-31 , Wrecked retired.
Alvis Speed 25 manufacturer Alvis Car and Engineering Company , engine Petrol Marriott , was founded in Coventry , successor Rover Company
Alvis Speed 25 manufacturer Alvis Car and Engineering Company , engine Straight-six engine Marriott , was founded in Coventry , successor Rover Company
AMC Matador manufacturer American Motors , successor Eagle (automobile) , fate Chrysler Rona Roy D. Chapin, Jr. is the key person for ,.
American submarine NR-1 ship Beam 3.8 m , ship Launch 1969-01-25 , top Speed 8.334 , builder General Dynamics Electric Boat
American submarine NR-1 ship Launch 1969-01-25 , top Speed 8.334 , length 45000.0 (millimetres) , ship Beam 3.8 m
Antares (rocket) manufacturer Yuzhnoye Design Office , final Flight 2014-10-28 , maiden Flight 2013-04-21 , launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0
Antares (rocket) manufacturer Yuzhnoye Design Office , maiden Flight 2013-04-21 , launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 , final Flight 2013-09-18
Aston Martin V8 assembly United Kingdom , successor Aston Martin Virage London is the capital of ,. , manufacturer Aston Martin
Aston Martin V8 related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin DBS , engine 5.3 (litres) , assembly United Kingdom , related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin RHAM/1
Aston Martin V8 related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin DBS , engine 5.3 (litres) , successor Aston Martin Virage , manufacturer Aston Martin
Atlas II diameter 3.04 m , final Flight 2002-12-05 , launch Site Vandenberg Air Force Base , launch Site Cape Canaveral Air Force Station
Audi A1 class is Supermini. , engine 1.2 (litres) , layout Front-engine, front-wheel-drive layout , assembly Audi Brussels
Audi A1 manufacturer Audi , was founded August Horch Baron Reith. , belongs to the division of Audi e-tron. , subsidiary Ducati
The owner of AIDAluna is AIDA Cruises. , power Type Caterpillar Inc. , is located in Illinois. Marriott , was founded in California
AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises. , builder Meyer Werft The owner of , is Costa Crociere. , is located in Genoa.
Antares (rocket) comparable Delta II , launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 , launch Site Cape Canaveral Air Force Station , country Origin United States
Antares (rocket) comparable Delta II , launch Site Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2 , launch Site Cape Canaveral Air Force Station , country Origin United States
Alfa Romeo 164 assembly Italy , related Mean Of Transportation Fiat Croma , body Style Sedan (automobile) , related Mean Of Transportation Opel Vectra
Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Fiat Croma , assembly Milan , body Style Sedan (automobile) , related Mean Of Transportation Opel Vectra
American submarine NR-1 ship Beam 3.8 m , builder General Dynamics Electric Boat , is the parent company of the General Dynamics Press. , is located in Groton, Connecticut.
A-Rosa Luna builder Neptun Werft , is located in Rostock. , is located in Germany. Stanislaw Tillich is the leader of ,.
Atlas II country Origin United States Washington, D.C. is the capital of ,. English language is spoken in ,. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United ,.
Atlas II country Origin United States Americans inhabit ,. Washington, D.C. is the capital of ,. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United ,.
Aaron Bertram associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kids Imagine Nation , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Suburban Legends , is in the genre of Ska punk. , band Member Brian Robertson (trombonist)
Aaron Deer background solo singer , is in the genre of Psychedelia. , origin Indianapolis , origin Indiana
Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist Isis (band) , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Sumac (band) , is in the genre of Electroacoustic music. , instrument Singing
Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist Twilight (band) , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Old Man Gloom , is in the genre of Post-metal. , active Years Start Year 1995
Aaron Turner is in the genre of Black metal. , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Sumac (band) , instrument Electric guitar , music Fusion Genre Death metal
Ace Wilder background solo singer , birth Year 1982 , was born in Stockholm. , was born on 1982-07-23.
Ace Wilder background solo singer , birth Year 1982 , was born in Sweden. , was born on 1982-07-23.
Ace Wilder background solo singer , birth Year 1982 , was a test Songwriter. , was born in Stockholm.
Ace Wilder background solo singer , birth Year 1982 , was a test Songwriter. , was born in Sweden.
Ahmet Ertegun is in the genre of Rhythm and blues. , origin Washington, D.C. , background non performing personnel , origin United States
Ahmet Ertegun is in the genre of Rock and roll. , origin United States , stylistic Origin Blues African Americans are an ethnic group in the United ,.
Albennie Jones active Years End Year 1950 , is in the genre of Rhythm and blues. , stylistic Origin Blues , derivative Disco
Albennie Jones is in the genre of Jazz. , was born in United States. , stylistic Origin Blues African Americans are an ethnic group in the United ,.
Aleksandra Kovač birth Year 1972 , is in the genre of Pop music. , was born in Belgrade. , background solo singer
Aleksandra Kovač is in the genre of Rhythm and blues. , background solo singer , birth Year 1972 , was born in Socialist Republic of Serbia.
Alex Day associated Band/associated Musical Artist Chameleon Circuit (band) , is in the genre of Acoustic music. , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Charlie Mc Donnell , active Years Start Year 2006
Alex Day associated Band/associated Musical Artist Chameleon Circuit (band) , is in the genre of Electronic music. , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Charlie Mc Donnell , active Years Start Year 2006
Alfred Garth Jones died in London. , was born in England. , was born in Manchester. , birth Year 1872
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo. , is located in Uruguay. Daniel Martínez (politician) is the leader of ,. Uruguayans inhabit ,.
Alfredo Zitarrosa record Label RCA Records , was born in Uruguay. , is in the genre of Candombe. , background solo singer
Alison O'Donnell associated Band/associated Musical Artist Bajik , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Flibbertigibbet , is in the genre of Folk music. , active Years Start Year 1963
Alison O'Donnell associated Band/associated Musical Artist Mellow Candle , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Head South By Weaving , is in the genre of Folk music. , active Years Start Year 1963
Alison O'Donnell is in the genre of Jazz. , record Label Deram Records , record Label Floating World Records , is located in London.
Alison O'Donnell is in the genre of Jazz. , record Label Deram Records , record Label Fruits de Mer Records , is located in London.
Allen Forrest birth Year 1981 , is in the genre of Acoustic music. , was born in Fort Campbell. , background solo singer
Allen Forrest is in the genre of Hip hop music. , birth Year 1981 , was born in Fort Campbell, KY, raised in Dothan, AL. , background solo singer
Andrew White (musician) associated Band/associated Musical Artist Marry Banilow , is in the genre of Alternative rock. , music Fusion Genre Nu metal , stylistic Origin Punk rock
Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Billy Iuso , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Tab Benoit , is in the genre of Rock music. , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Galactic
Anders Osborne record Label Alligator Records , record Label Shanachie Records , is in the genre of Blues. , is located in Chicago.
Andra (singer) is in the genre of Dance-pop. , was a test Singing. , was born in Romania. , background solo singer
Andra (singer) is in the genre of Rhythm and blues. , derivative Funk , stylistic Origin Blues , derivative Disco
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Christian Burns , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Jonathan Mendelsohn , is in the genre of Trance music. , active Years Start Year 2009
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Jwaydan Moyine , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Christian Burns , is in the genre of Trance music. , stylistic Origin House music
Andrew White (musician) associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kaiser Chiefs , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Marry Banilow , is in the genre of Alternative rock. , active Years Start Year 2003
Andrew White (musician) associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kaiser Chiefs , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Marry Banilow , record Label Universal Records (defunct record label) , active Years Start Year 2003
Agustín Barboza died in Asunción. , died in Paraguay. , is part of Gran Asunción. Juan Afara is the leader of ,.
Al Anderson (NRBQ band) associated Band/associated Musical Artist NRBQ , associated Band/associated Musical Artist The Wildweeds , is in the genre of Country music. , instrument Banjo
Allen Forrest is in the genre of Hip hop music. , stylistic Origin Disco , stylistic Origin Funk , derivative Drum and bass
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England. , was born in Manchester. , is part of Greater Manchester. Labour Party (UK) is the leader of ,.
Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist Twilight (band) , associated Band/associated Musical Artist House of Low Culture , is in the genre of Post-metal. , instrument Cello
Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist Twilight (band) , instrument Electric guitar , is in the genre of Black metal. , music Fusion Genre Death metal
Albennie Jones is in the genre of Rhythm and blues. , was born in United States. , stylistic Origin Blues African Americans are an ethnic group in the United ,.
One of the noted Aaron S. Daggett Air Force battles was the American Civil War of Grenada. , won Purple Heart. , died in West Roxbury. , was born in Maine.
One of the noted Aaron S. Daggett Air Force battles was the Battle of the Wilderness of Grenada. , won Purple Heart. , died in West Roxbury. , was born in Maine.
Erasmus University Rotterdam is Ab Klink almaMater. , office (worked At, worked As) Ministry of Health, Welfare and Sport (Netherlands) , was born in Netherlands. , is affiliated with Association of MBAs.
Abdul Taib Mahmud party Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu , is from the Asajaya region. , resides in the United Kuching. , was born in Miri, Malaysia.
Abdul Taib Mahmud resides in the United Sarawak. , party Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu , is from the Asajaya region. , was born in Kingdom of Sarawak.
Abdul Taib Mahmud successor Adenan Satem , resides in the United Sarawak. , party Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak , was born in Japanese occupation of British Borneo.
Abdul Taib Mahmud successor Adenan Satem , resides in the United Sarawak. , party Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu , was born in Japanese occupation of British Borneo.
Abdulsalami Abubakar in Office While Vice President Mike Akhigbe , military Branch Nigerian Army , predecessor Oladipo Diya , successor Atiku Abubakar
Abdulsalami Abubakar in Office While Vice President Mike Akhigbe , successor Al-Amin Daggash , military Branch Nigerian Air Force , predecessor Oladipo Diya
Abel Caballero in Office While Monarch Juan Carlos I of Spain , in Office While Prime Minister Felipe González , was born in Galicia (Spain). , predecessor Francisco Franco
Abel Caballero office (worked At, worked As) Minister of Transport , was born in Galicia (Spain). , was born in Spain. , party Spanish Socialist Workers' Party
Abraham A. Ribicoff spouse Casey Ribicoff , was born in New Britain, Connecticut. , is from the United United States. Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in the United ,.
One of the noted Adam Holloway Air Force battles was the Gulf War of Grenada. , was born in Kent. , active Years Start Date 2005-05-05 Magdalene College, Cambridge is , almaMater.
One of the noted Adam Koc Air Force battles was the Polish–Soviet War of Grenada. , is from the United Poland. , 12 was commanded by Joseph Stalin. Polish language is spoken in ,.
One of the noted Adam Koc Air Force battles was the Polish–Soviet War of Grenada. , died in New York City. , is Part Of Military Conflict Russian Civil War , 12 was commanded by Joseph Stalin.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens. , was born in Greece. , office (worked At, worked As) Vice-President of New Democracy , successor Makis Voridis
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens. , was born in Greece. , office (worked At, worked As) Ministry of Economy, Development and Tourism (Greece) , successor Makis Voridis
Adonis Georgiadis office (worked At, worked As) Member of the Hellenic Parliament , was born in Athens. , was born in Greece. , successor Makis Voridis
Agnes Kant is from the United Netherlands. The Euro is the currency in ,.
Agnes Kant is from the United Netherlands. , office (worked At, worked As) House of Representatives (Netherlands) , party Socialist Party (Netherlands) Mark Rutte is the leader of ,.
Agnes Kant is from the United Netherlands. Mark Rutte is the leader of ,.
Agnes Kant is from the United Netherlands. , party Socialist Party (Netherlands) , colour Red Emile Roemer is the leader of ,.
One of the noted Airey Neave Air Force battles was the Battle of France of Grenada. , was born in Knightsbridge, London. , active Years Start Date 1953-06-30 , active Years End Date 1979-03-30
One of the noted Airey Neave Air Force battles was the Battle of France of Grenada. , was born in Knightsbridge, London. , active Years Start Date 1974-03-04 , active Years End Date 1979-03-30
Airey Neave unit Royal Artillery One of the noted , Air Force battles was the World War II of Grenada. , garrison Hohne , 12 was commanded by Chiang Kai-shek.
Albert B. White was born in Cleveland. , died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. , successor William M. O. Dawson , was born in Bloomington, Maryland.
Albert B. White successor William M. O. Dawson , was born in Cleveland. , active Years End Date 1905-03-04 , active Years Start Date 1901-03-04
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York. One of the noted , Air Force battles was the American Civil War of Grenada. French language is spoken in ,. , 12 was commanded by Abraham Lincoln.
Albert Jennings Fountain died in Doña Ana County, New Mexico. , was born in New York City. One of the noted , Air Force battles was the American Civil War of Grenada. , 12 was commanded by Jefferson Davis.
Albert Jennings Fountain died in New Mexico Territory. , died in United States. , was born in New York. , was born in Staten Island.
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires. , party Justicialist Party , in Office While President Juan Perón Horacio Rodríguez Larreta is the leader of ,.
Alberto Teisaire office (worked At, worked As) Provisional President of the Argentine Senate , profession Rear admiral , successor Isaac Rojas , was born in Mendoza, Argentina.
Alfred Moore Scales successor Daniel Gould Fowle , office (worked At, worked As) Governor of North Carolina , party Democratic Party (United States) , was born in Reidsville, North Carolina.
Alfred N. Phillips military Branch United States Army , was born in Connecticut. , office (worked At, worked As) Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district One of the noted , Air Force battles was the Whiskey Rebellion of Grenada.
Alfred N. Phillips party Democratic Party (United States) , successor Albert E. Austin , was born in Connecticut. , office (worked At, worked As) Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district
Alfred N. Phillips party Democratic Party (United States) , successor Albert E. Austin , was born in Darien, Connecticut. , office (worked At, worked As) Mayor of Stamford, Connecticut
Allan Shivers party Democratic Party (United States) , successor Price Daniel , was born in Lufkin, Texas. , office (worked At, worked As) Governor of Texas
Allan Shivers party Democratic Party (United States) , successor Wilfred R. Cousins, Jr. , was born in Lufkin, Texas. , office (worked At, worked As) Governor of Texas
Alvah Sabin office (worked At, worked As) Secretary of State of Vermont , is from the Vermont's 3rd congressional district region. , is located in the state of Vermont. Burlington, Vermont is the largest city in ,.
Alvah Sabin party Whig Party (United States) , is from the Vermont region. Daniel Webster is the leader of ,. Burlington, Vermont is the largest city in ,.
One of the noted Aaron S. Daggett Air Force battles was the Battle of Gettysburg of Grenada. , won Purple Heart. , is Part Of Military Conflict American Civil War , 12 was commanded by Robert E. Lee.
Alberto Teisaire is from the United Argentina. , in Office While President Juan Perón Spanish language is spoken in ,. , party Labour Party (Argentina)
Alberto Teisaire successor Isaac Rojas , was born in Mendoza, Argentina. , in Office While President Juan Perón , party Labour Party (Argentina)
AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises. , builder Meyer Werft The owner of , is Costa Crociere. , is located in Germany. , is the parent company of the Carnival Corporation & plc Press.
AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises. , ship Beam 32.2 , top Speed 38.892 , builder Meyer Werft , length 253260.0 (millimetres)
ALCO RS-3 builder American Locomotive Company , length 17068.8 (millimetres) , cylinder Count 12 , build Date May 1950 - August 1956 , engine Four-stroke engine
ALCO RS-3 builder American Locomotive Company , length 17068.8 (millimetres) , cylinder Count 12 , engine V12 engine , build Date May 1950 - August 1956
ALV X-1 country Origin United States Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in the United ,. Americans inhabit ,. Washington, D.C. is the capital of ,. The anthem of , is called The Star-Spangled Banner romane.
AMC Matador is also known as American Motors Matador. , assembly Thames, New Zealand , body Style Station wagon , class is Mid-size car. , engine AMC V8 engine
The owner of Alhambra is P&O (company). , ship Beam 8.3 m , power Type Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes , builder Samuda Brothers , is located in London.
AMC Matador manufacturer American Motors , successor Eagle (automobile) , subsidiary Wheel Horse , fate Chrysler Rona Roy D. Chapin, Jr. is the key person for ,.
American submarine NR-1 ship Launch 1969-01-25 , top Speed 8.334 , ship Draft 4.6 m , length 45000.0 (millimetres) , ship Beam 3.8 m
Antares (rocket) launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport , comparable Delta II , launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 , country Origin United States , associated Rocket Minotaur IV
Antares (rocket) manufacturer Yuzhnoye Design Office , final Flight 2014-07-13 , maiden Flight 2014-10-28 , launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 , diameter 3.9 (metres)
Antares (rocket) manufacturer Yuzhnoye Design Office , maiden Flight 2014-10-28 , launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 , diameter 3.9 (metres) , final Flight 2013-09-18
Ariane 5 final Flight 2009-12-18 , maiden Flight 2005-08-11 , manufacturer Airbus Defence and Space , launch Site Guiana Space Centre , diameter 5.4 (metres)
Ariane 5 launch Site ELA-3 , site Guiana Space Centre , is operated by Arianespace. , is French Guiana. , is located in Courcouronnes.
Aston Martin V8 related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin DBS , assembly Newport Pagnell , engine 5.3 (litres) , manufacturer Aston Martin , successor Aston Martin Vantage
Aston Martin V8 related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin DBS , body Style Coupé , engine 5.3 (litres) , related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin RHAM/1 , assembly Newport Pagnell
Aston Martin V8 related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin DBS , assembly United Kingdom , successor Aston Martin Virage Elizabeth II is the leader of ,. , manufacturer Aston Martin
Audi A1 engine 1.2 (litres) , layout Front-engine, front-wheel-drive layout , assembly Brussels, Belgium , class is Supermini. , body Style Hatchback
Audi A1 manufacturer Audi , was founded August Horch Baron Reith. , subsidiary Ducati , belongs to the division of Audi e-tron. , subsidiary Lamborghini
The owner of AIDAluna is AIDA Cruises. , power Type Caterpillar Inc. Marriott , was founded in California Marriott , was founded in United States , is located in Peoria, Illinois.
The owner of AIDAluna is AIDA Cruises. , power Type Caterpillar Inc. , is located in Rostock. Rona Douglas R. Oberhelman is the key person for ,. Marriott , was founded in United States
The owner of AIDAluna is AIDA Cruises. , power Type Caterpillar Inc. Rona Douglas R. Oberhelman is the key person for ,. Marriott , was founded in United States , is located in Peoria, Illinois.
AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises. , builder Meyer Werft The owner of , is Costa Crociere. , is located in Genoa. , is the parent company of the Carnival Corporation & plc Press.
Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) builder Finland , builder Arctech Helsinki Shipyard Finns inhabit ,. Sami languages is spoken in ,. Juha Sipilä is the leader of ,.
A-Rosa Luna builder Neptun Werft , is located in Rostock. , is located in Germany. Berlin is the capital of ,. Joachim Gauck is the leader of ,.
A-Rosa Luna builder Neptun Werft , is located in Rostock. , is located in Germany. Andreas Voßkuhle is the leader of ,. Berlin is the capital of ,.
Atlas II country Origin United States Americans inhabit ,. Washington, D.C. is the capital of ,. English language is spoken in ,. Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in the United ,.
Michele Abel Hernández played youth football for Peñarol. , plays for Central Español. , plays for U.S. Città di Palermo. The manager of , is Jorge Orosmán da Silva. , play in Uruguayan Segunda División.
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia. , plays for FC Torpedo Moscow. , plays for Soviet Union national football team. Valentina Matviyenko is the leader of ,. The manager of , is Valery Petrakov.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv. , plays for Olympique Lyonnais. The manager of , is Oleh Luzhny. , chairman is Jean-Michel Aulas. , ground is in Parc Olympique Lyonnais.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.C. Milan. , position Defender (football) , plays for U.C. Sampdoria. , play in Serie A. The manager of , is Siniša Mihajlović.
Alessio Romagnoli currentclub A.C. Milan , plays for Italy national under-17 football team. , plays for U.C. Sampdoria. The manager of , is Siniša Mihajlović. , chairman is Silvio Berlusconi.
Michele Abel Hernández played youth football for Central Español. , plays for Uruguay national football team. , plays for U.S. Città di Palermo. , play in Uruguayan Segunda División. The manager of , is Giuseppe Iachini.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow. , plays for FC Amkar Perm. , chairman is Sergey Rodionov. , ground is in Otkrytiye Arena. The manager of , is Gadzhi Gadzhiyev.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow. , plays for FC Terek Grozny. , chairman is Sergey Rodionov. , ground is in Grozny. The manager of , is Rashid Rakhimov.
Michele Aleksandr Prudnikov played youth football for FC Spartak Moscow. , plays for FC Terek Grozny. , plays for FC Dynamo Moscow. , ground is in Grozny. The manager of , is Rashid Rakhimov.
Aleksandr Chumakov was born in Soviet Union. , plays for FC Torpedo Moscow. , plays for Soviet Union national football team. , played in the 2014–15 Russian Premier League season. The manager of , is Valery Petrakov.
Akeem Adams plays for Ferencvárosi TC. , plays for United Petrotrin F.C.. The manager of , is Thomas Doll. , chairman is Gábor Kubatov. , ground is in Palo Seco.
Akeem Adams plays for Ferencvárosi TC. , plays for United Petrotrin F.C.. The manager of , is Thomas Doll. , chairman is Gábor Kubatov. , ground is in Palo Seco Velodrome.
(19255) 1994 VK8 epoch 2006-12-31 , mass 5.6 (kilograms) , orbital Period 8788850000.0 , periapsis 6155910000000.0 , apoapsis 6603633000.0 (kilometres)
101 Helena discoverer James Craig Watson , discovered 1868-08-15 University of Michigan is , almaMater. , is from the United Canada. , died in Madison, Wisconsin.
101 Helena discoverer James Craig Watson University of Michigan is , almaMater. , state Of Origin Canada , died in Madison, Wisconsin. , death Cause Peritonitis
1036 Ganymed discoverer Walter Baade , died in Göttingen. , was born in German Empire. University of Göttingen is , almaMater. , doctoral Student Allan Sandage
1036 Ganymed discoverer Walter Baade , doctoral Student Halton Arp , doctoral Student Allan Sandage , was born in German Empire. University of Göttingen is , almaMater.
1036 Ganymed discoverer Walter Baade , is from the United Germany. , was born in German Empire. University of Göttingen is , almaMater. , doctoral Student Allan Sandage
103 Hera discoverer James Craig Watson , discovered 1868-09-07 University of Michigan is , almaMater. , is from the United Canada. , died in Madison, Wisconsin.
103 Hera discoverer James Craig Watson , periapsis 371240000.0 (kilometres) University of Michigan is , almaMater. , is from the United Canada. , died in Madison, Wisconsin.
107 Camilla discoverer B. Zellner , orbital Period 2368.05 (days) , periapsis 479343000.0 (kilometres) , epoch 2006-12-31 , apoapsis 560937000.0 (kilometres)
107 Camilla discoverer C. Woods , orbital Period 2368.05 (days) , periapsis 479343000.0 (kilometres) , epoch 2006-12-31 , apoapsis 560937000.0 (kilometres)
107 Camilla discoverer F. Vilas , epoch 2006-12-31 , orbital Period 2368.05 (days) , periapsis 479343000.0 (kilometres) , apoapsis 560937000.0 (kilometres)
107 Camilla discoverer N. R. Pogson , absolute Magnitude 7.08 , died in Chennai. , was born in Nottingham. , is from the United England.
1089 Tama epoch 2005-11-26 , escape Velocity 0.0068 (kilometre Per Seconds) , was formerly called A919 HA; 1927 WB;. , orbital Period 1202.846 (days) , apoapsis 373513000.0 (kilometres)
1101 Clematis epoch 2006-12-31 , escape Velocity 0.02 (kilometre Per Seconds) , mass 5.7 (kilograms) , orbital Period 183309000.0 , apoapsis 520906000.0 (kilometres)
11264 Claudiomaccone epoch 2005-11-26 , orbital Period 1513.722 (days) , periapsis 296521000.0 (kilometres) , apoapsis 475426000.0 (kilometres) , temperature 173.0 (kelvins)
Abdul Taib Mahmud party Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu , is from the Asajaya region. , resides in the United Kuching. , was born in Miri, Malaysia. , was born on 1936-05-21.
Abdul Taib Mahmud successor Adenan Satem , party Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu , was born in Kingdom of Sarawak. , resides in the United Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching, Sarawak. University of Adelaide is , almaMater.
Abdulsalami Abubakar in Office While Vice President Mike Akhigbe , active Years End Date 1999-05-29 , predecessor Oladipo Diya , military Branch Nigerian Navy , successor Atiku Abubakar
Abdulsalami Abubakar successor Olusegun Obasanjo , in Office While Vice President Mike Akhigbe , active Years End Date 1999-05-29 , military Branch Nigerian Army , predecessor Oladipo Diya
Abraham A. Ribicoff is from the United United States. , party Democratic Party (United States) , was born in Connecticut. , office (worked At, worked As) Governor of Connecticut
Abraham A. Ribicoff office (worked At, worked As) United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare , party Democratic Party (United States) , died in New York City. , was born in Connecticut. , is from the United United States.
Abraham A. Ribicoff spouse Casey Ribicoff , was born in Connecticut. , is from the United United States. , died in New York. Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in the United ,.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent. , office (worked At, worked As) Member of Parliament for Gravesham , active Years Start Date 2005-05-05 , military Branch Grenadier Guards Magdalene College, Cambridge is , almaMater.
Adam Holloway party Conservative Party (UK) , was born in Faversham, Kent, England. , active Years Start Date 2005-05-05 , military Branch Grenadier Guards Magdalene College, Cambridge is , almaMater.
Adonis Georgiadis in Office While Prime Minister Antonis Samaras , was born in Greece. , was born in Athens. , successor Makis Voridis , in Office While Prime Minister Konstantinos Mitsotakis
Agnes Kant is from the United Netherlands. , office (worked At, worked As) House of Representatives (Netherlands) Mark Rutte is the leader of ,.
Agnes Kant is from the United Netherlands. , office (worked At, worked As) House of Representatives (Netherlands) , resides in the United Doesburg. Mark Rutte is the leader of ,. Khadija Arib is the leader of ,.
Agnes Kant is from the United Netherlands. , resides in the United Doesburg. Mark Rutte is the leader of ,.
Albert B. White birth Year 1856 , death Year 1941 , was born on 1856-09-22. , died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. , date Of Death 1941-07-03
Albert B. White spouse Agnes Ward White , was born in Cleveland. , died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. , successor William M. O. Dawson , was born in Bloomington, Maryland.
Albert B. White spouse Agnes Ward White , successor William M. O. Dawson , office (worked At, worked As) Governor of West Virginia , was born in Cleveland. , active Years End Date 1905-03-04
Albert B. White successor William M. O. Dawson , party Republican Party (United States) , was born in Cleveland. , active Years End Date 1905-03-04 , active Years Start Date 1901-03-04
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires. , in Office While President Juan Perón Horacio Rodríguez Larreta is the leader of ,. , spouse Eva Perón , party Labour Party (Argentina)
Alberto Teisaire office (worked At, worked As) Provisional President of the Argentine Senate , profession Rear admiral , successor Isaac Rojas , was born in Mendoza, Argentina. , was born on 1891-05-20.
Alfons Gorbach died in Styria. , party Austrian People's Party , died in Graz. , was born in Tyrol (state). , was born in Austria.
Alfons Gorbach died in Styria. , party Austrian People's Party , died in Graz. , was born in Tyrol (state). , was born in Imst.
Alvah Sabin active Years End Date 1857-03-03 , is from the Vermont's 3rd congressional district region. , is located in the state of Vermont. , died in Sycamore, Illinois. Burlington, Vermont is the largest city in ,.
Alvah Sabin is from the Vermont's 3rd congressional district region. , was born in Georgia, Vermont. , is located in the state of Vermont. , died in Sycamore, Illinois. Burlington, Vermont is the largest city in ,.
Alfred Moore Scales is located in United States. One of the noted , Air Force battles was the Battle of Gettysburg of Grenada. Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in the United ,. , is Part Of Military Conflict American Civil War , 12 was commanded by Jefferson Davis.
Alfred Moore Scales is located in United States. One of the noted , Air Force battles was the Siege of Petersburg of Grenada. Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in the United ,. , is Part Of Military Conflict American Civil War , 12 was commanded by Jefferson Davis.
Alberto Teisaire is from the United Argentina. , in Office While President Juan Perón Spanish language is spoken in ,. , spouse Eva Perón , party Labour Party (Argentina)
Aaron Bertram associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kids Imagine Nation , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Suburban Legends , is in the genre of Ska punk. , band Member Brian Robertson (trombonist) , stylistic Origin Punk rock
Aaron Deer is in the genre of Indie rock. , origin United States , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Wee Giant , background solo singer , origin Indiana
Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist Old Man Gloom , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Lotus Eaters (band) , is in the genre of Black metal. , origin United States , active Years Start Year 1995
Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist Twilight (band) , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Lotus Eaters (band) , is in the genre of Sludge metal. , origin Massachusetts , active Years Start Year 1995
Abradab associated Band/associated Musical Artist Magik (rapper) , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kaliber 44 , was born in Katowice. , was born in Poland. , was born on 1978-11-12.
Ace Wilder background solo singer , birth Year 1982 , was a test Singing. , was born in Sweden. , was born on 1982-07-23.
Ace Wilder background solo singer , birth Year 1982 , was a test Songwriter. , was born in Stockholm. , was born on 1982-07-23.
Ace Wilder is in the genre of Hip hop music. , music Subgenre Gangsta rap , stylistic Origin Funk , derivative Drum and bass , stylistic Origin Disco
Ace Wilder is in the genre of Hip hop music. , was born in Sweden. , stylistic Origin Funk , derivative Drum and bass , stylistic Origin Disco
Al Anderson (NRBQ band) associated Band/associated Musical Artist NRBQ , associated Band/associated Musical Artist The Wildweeds , was born in Windsor, Connecticut. , is in the genre of Rock music. , active Years Start Year 1966
Al Anderson (NRBQ band) associated Band/associated Musical Artist NRBQ , instrument Guitar , is in the genre of Rock music. , music Fusion Genre Bhangra (music) , stylistic Origin Country music
Alan Frew was a test Musician. , origin Canada , was born in Coatbridge. , origin Newmarket, Ontario , background solo singer
Aleksandra Kovač background solo singer , birth Year 1972 , was born in Socialist Republic of Serbia. , is in the genre of Pop music. , music Fusion Genre Disco
Aleksandra Kovač is in the genre of Rhythm and blues. , associated Band/associated Musical Artist K2 (Kovač sisters duo) , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kornelije Kovač , background solo singer , active Years Start Year 1990
Alfred Garth Jones died in London. , was born in England. , is from the United United Kingdom. , was born in Manchester. , birth Year 1872
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup. , died in London. , was born in Manchester. The leader of the United , is called European Parliament. Boris Johnson is the leader of ,.
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup. , died in London. , was born in Manchester. The leader of the United , is called European Parliament. Labour Party (UK) is the leader of ,.
Alison O'Donnell associated Band/associated Musical Artist Flibbertigibbet , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Mellow Candle , is in the genre of Folk music of Ireland. , record Label Floating World Records , active Years Start Year 1963
Alison O'Donnell is in the genre of Jazz. , record Label Deram Records , record Label Stanyan Records , derivative Funk , is located in London.
Alison O'Donnell is in the genre of Jazz. , instrument Autoharp , derivative Funk , music Fusion Genre Afrobeat , stylistic Origin Folk music
Alison O'Donnell is in the genre of Jazz. , instrument Voice, bodhrán, percussion, autoharp , stylistic Origin Blues , derivative Funk , music Fusion Genre Afrobeat
Allen Forrest birth Year 1981 , is in the genre of Acoustic music. , was born in Dothan, Alabama. , background solo singer , was born in Fort Campbell.
Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Billy Iuso , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars , is in the genre of Rock music. , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Galactic , active Years Start Year 1989
Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Galactic , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Tab Benoit , is in the genre of Blues. , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Billy Iuso , active Years Start Year 1989
Andra (singer) birth Year 1986 , is in the genre of Dance-pop. , was born in Câmpia Turzii. , background solo singer , was a test singer, Reality television judge.
Andra (singer) is in the genre of Rhythm and blues. , background solo singer , birth Year 1986 , was a test Singing. , was born in Romania.
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Armin van Buuren , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Bobina , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Armin Van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano, Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose, Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin, Alexandra Badoi , is in the genre of Trance music. , stylistic Origin Pop music
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Christian Burns , is in the genre of Trance music. , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Armin van Buuren , was born in Chișinău, Moldova. , active Years Start Year 2009
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Jwaydan Moyine , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Bobina , is in the genre of Trance music. , was born in Chișinău, Moldova. , active Years Start Year 2009
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Jwaydan Moyine , instrument String instrument , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Christian Burns , is in the genre of Trance music. , associated Band/associated Musical Artist John Digweed
Andrew White (musician) associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kaiser Chiefs , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Marry Banilow , record Label B-Unique Records , record Label Polydor Records , active Years Start Year 2003
Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell. , is in the genre of Hip hop music. , stylistic Origin Disco , stylistic Origin Funk , derivative Drum and bass
Allen Forrest is in the genre of Hip hop music. , birth Year 1981 , stylistic Origin Disco , stylistic Origin Funk , derivative Drum and bass
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup. , died in London. , was born in Manchester. The leader of the United , is called Parliament of the United Kingdom. Labour Party (UK) is the leader of ,.
Agustín Barboza was born in Asunción. , died in Paraguay. Mestizo are an ethnic group in the United ,. Juan Afara is the leader of ,. Spanish language is spoken in ,.
Andrew White (musician) is in the genre of Alternative rock. , record Label B-Unique Records , record Label Polydor Records , music Fusion Genre Nu metal , is located in London.
Andrew White (musician) record Label Polydor Records , record Label Universal Records (defunct record label) , is in the genre of Alternative rock. , is located in London. , music Fusion Genre Nu metal
Al Anderson (NRBQ band) instrument Guitar , is in the genre of Rock music. , music Fusion Genre Bhangra (music) , stylistic Origin Country music , stylistic Origin Blues
Al Anderson (NRBQ band) is in the genre of Rock music. , stylistic Origin Blues , music Fusion Genre Bhangra (music) , stylistic Origin Country music , instrument Banjo
Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist Twilight (band) , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Old Man Gloom , instrument Electric guitar , is in the genre of Black metal. , music Fusion Genre Death metal
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo. , is located in Uruguay. Daniel Martínez (politician) is the leader of ,. Raúl Fernando Sendic Rodríguez is the leader of ,. Spanish language is spoken in ,.
