Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene, Texas.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas.
18L/36R is the runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport.
The ICAO Location Identifier of Afonso Pena International Airport is SBCT.
Afonso Pena International Airport serves the city of Curitiba.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah.
The runway length of Al-Taqaddum Air Base is 3684.0.
14/32 is the runway name of Alderney Airport.
The runway length of Allama Iqbal International Airport is 3360.12.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol 1st runway is Number 18.
The fourth runway at Schiphol Airport in Amsterdam Airport Schiphol Asphalt.
06/24 'Kaagbaan' is the runway name of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol.
Andrews County Airport is 973.0 metres above sea level.
Andrews County, Texas is the owner of Andrews County Airport.
The runway length of Andrews County Airport is 896.0.
The 1st runway at Angola International Airport is made from Asphalt.
Antwerp International Airport is 12.0 metres above sea level.
Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish Government.
The runway length of Appleton International Airport is 2439.0.
The runway length of New Zealand Ardmore Airport is 518.0.
The ICAO Location Identifier of Ashgabat International Airport is UTAA.
11/29 is the runway name of Ashgabat International Airport.
South Jersey Transportation Authority is the owner of Atlantic City International Airport.
13/31 is the runway name of Atlantic City International Airport.
The Dutch language is spoken in Belgium.
Curitiba is part of South Region, Brazil.
Danes are from Denmark.
Fallujah is in the Iraq.
Greenville, Wisconsin is in the United States.
Greenville, Wisconsin is part of Grand Chute, Wisconsin.
The Arabic is spoken in Iraq.
Madrid is in the Spain.
Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan is part of United States.
The leader of Pakistan is Sardar Ayaz Sadiq.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey York and New Jersey serves the New Jersey region.
The largest city in Texas is Houston.
One of the noted United States Air Force battles was the 1986 United States bombing of Libya.
The transport aircraft for the United States Air Force is the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000.
Carroll County, Maryland, Maryland is to the southwest of Adams County, Adams County, Pennsylvania.
The leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade.
Azerbaijan is led by the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan.
Türk Şehitleri Anıtı is the native name of Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa.
The Postmodern architecture style of the 250 Delaware Avenue is Georgian.
300 North La Salle is located in Chicago.
The architect of 320 South Boston Building is George Winkler.
The construction of 320 South Boston Building began in 1910.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen number Of Rooms 814
The architect of Adare Manor is James Pain and George Richard Pain,.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale.
Akita Museum of Art is in the Japan.
College of William & Mary is the owner of Alan B. Miller Hall.
The address of Amdavad ni Gufa is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House has the reference number 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places.
The architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds is Julia Morgan.
The architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds is Arts and Crafts Movement and American craftsman Bungalows.
Asher and Asilomar Conference Grounds was built in 1913.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City.
Buffalo, New York is part of Erie County, New York.
The leader of Buffalo, New York is Byron Brown.
County Limerick is part of Munster.
The leader of Dublin is Críona Ní Dhálaigh.
The leader of Ethiopia is Mulatu Teshome.
Indian people are from India.
One of the significant buildings designed by Julia Morgan is the Los Angeles Herald-Examiner.
Live Nation Entertainment is located in Beverly Hills, California.
Manhattan is part of New York.
New York City is part of New Netherland.
Pacific Grove, California is part of California.
White South African are an ethnic group in the South Africa.
The leader of United Kingdom is Elizabeth II.
1634: 1634: The Ram Rebellion can be located by it's ISBN number "978-1-1-4165-2060-0-4253-7".
Eric Flint is the author of 1634: 1634: The Ram Rebellion.
1634: The Ram Rebellion is available in Print.
journal AIDS is in the United Kingdom.
The OCLC number of A Glastonbury Romance is 76798317.
A Glastonbury Romance is available in Hardcover.
The English language is spoken in A Long Long Way.
Diane Duane is the author of 1634: A Wizard of Mars.
The ISSN number of ACM Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg is 0025-5858-8188.
Garth Nix is the author of 1634: Above the Veil.
Above the Veil is available in Print.
The ISSN number of ACM Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is 0567-7920-8188.
93645978 is the LCCN number of ACM journal Addiction.
The academic discipline of journal Addiction is Addiction.
The English language is spoken in Aenir.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is in the United States.
The English language is spoken in Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians.
The academic discipline of American Journal of Mathematics is Mathematics.
The English language is spoken in novel Castle.
Eric Flint was born in Burbank, California.
Macmillan Publishers is the parent company of Farrar, Straus and Giroux.
One of John Cowper Powys notable works is Oliver A Glastonbury Romance.
Soho Press is in the United States.
The Secret Scripture was published by Faber and Faber.
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
The English language is spoken in United States.
Weymouth Sands was preceded by A Glastonbury Romance.
The manager of A.C. Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran.
A.D. Isidro Metapán play in Salvadoran Primera División
The fullname of A.F.C. Blackpool is Association Football Club Blackpool.
A.F.C. Blackpool's ground is in The Mechanics,.
A.F.C. Blackpool's ground is in Blackpool.
A.S. Gubbio 1910's ground is in Gubbio.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 has 5300 members.
AEK Athens F.C.'s ground is in Athens.
AEK Athens F.C. played in the Greece 2014–15 Football League season.
AZAL Arena is located in Baku.
AZAL PFK play in Azerbaijan Premier League
AZ Alkmaar played in the 2014–15 Eredivisie season.
Akron, Ohio is in the United States.
Akron, Ohio is located in Summit County, Ohio.
The fullname of Akron Summit Assault is Akron Metro Futbol Club Summit Assault.
The leader of Amsterdam is Eberhard van der Laan.
Christian Panucci plays for Chelsea F.C..
Christian Panucci plays for Inter Milan.
Frank de Boer plays for FC Barcelona.
Gubbio is from the Umbria region.
The leader of Italy is Sergio Mattarella.
Jens Härtel plays for FC Sachsen Leipzig.
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez plays for FC Dallas.
Luciano Spalletti plays for Udinese Calcio.
Massimo Drago plays for A.S.D. S.S. Nola 1925.
Michele Marcolini plays for Atalanta B.C..
Michele Marcolini plays for Vicenza Calcio.
Peter Stöger plays for 1. FC Köln.
Rolando Maran plays for F.C. Bari 1908.
Jong Ajax is the tenant of AC Sportpark De Toekomst.
St. Vincent–St. Mary High School is in the United States.
1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Alba.
The president of Acharya Institute of Technology is B.M. Reddy.
Mahé, India, Maryland is to the southwest of Adams County, Kerala.
Mendrisio neighboring Municipality Meride
The capital of Romania is Bucharest.
The dean of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University Mendrisio is Thomas Pallesen.
There are 16000 students at the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University Mendrisio.
The nationality of Alan Bean is United States.
Apollo 8's backup pilot was Buzz Aldrin.
Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963 is Buzz Aldrin's almaMater.
Buzz Aldrin served as a crew member of Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin was chosen by NASA in 1963.
California gemstone Benitoite
Elliot See died on the 21st of July, 1966-02-28.
Elliot See died in St. Louis.
Elliot See is Deceased.
April O'Neil was created by Kevin Eastman.
Bananaman is broadcast by BBC.
the full name of Auron (Ben Urich) is "Benjamin Urich".
Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Jerry Ordway.
the full name of Auron (Bibbo Bibbowski) is "Bo Bibbowski".
Bill Oddie was born in Lancashire.
An alternative name for Black Pirate is Jon Valor.
John Buscema won the Eisner Award.
The nationality of Karl Kesel is Americans.
Marv Wolfman won the Kirby Award.
The nationality of Peter Laird is United States.
Scott Adsit was born in Northbrook, Illinois.
The area code for Albany, Georgia is 229.
Albany, Oregon is part of United States.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is led by the Mayor.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is led by the New Mexico House of Representatives.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is led by the New Mexico Senate.
The total area of Amarillo, Texas is square kilometres 233.9.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Randall County, Texas.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Richland Township, Madison County, Indiana.
Angola, Indiana, Indiana is located at 324.0 above sea level.
The area code for Antioch, California is 925.
Antioch, California is part of Contra Costa County, California.
The total population density of Arlington, Texas, Texas is inhabitants per square kilometre 1472.0 km.
The leader of Atlanta is Kasim Reed.
The total area of Atlantic City, New Jersey is square kilometres 44.125.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of New Jersey.
Attica, Indiana, Indiana is located at 166.0 above sea level.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama.
The total area of Auburn, Washington is square kilometres 77.41.
Austin, Texas is part of Texas.
The Spanish language is spoken in California.
The largest city in De Kalb County, Georgia is Dunwoody, Georgia.
Fulton County, Georgia is in the United States.
Anderson, Indiana the county seat of Madison County, Indiana, Texas.
Michigan is in the United States.
The largest city in Michigan is Detroit.
Orange County, California is in the United States.
The largest city in Oregon is Portland, Oregon.
The largest city in Tarrant County, Texas is Fort Worth, Texas.
The leader of United States is Barack Obama.
United States House of Representatives is located in United States Capitol.
Pecorino Romano is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce.
Chili pepper is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce.
White rice is an ingredient in Arròs negre.
Arròs negre is from the Catalonia region.
Arròs negre is from the Valencian Community region.
Ayam penyet is from the Singapore region.
Tomato is an ingredient in BLT.
Baked Alaska is from the Hong Kong region.
Bakewell pudding served Warm or cold
Bandeja paisa is in the Colombian cuisine.
Chicharrón is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa.
Bandeja paisa is from the Paisa Region region.
Barny Cakes serving Size 30.0 g
Shumai is a variation of Batagor.
The main ingredient of Batagor is fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce.
Shrimp is an ingredient in Batchoy.
Beef kway teow is from the Indonesia region.
An alternative name for Bhajji is Bhaji, bajji.
Taro is an ingredient in Binignit.
Cottage cheese is a variation of Bionico.
Bionico is from the Jalisco region.
Chicken class is Bird.
The currency of India is the Indian rupee.
The leader of India is Sumitra Mahajan.
The Indonesian language is spoken in Indonesia.
The leader of Jalisco is Aristóteles Sandoval.
Banyumasan people are an ethnic group in the Java.
Malaysian Malay are an ethnic group in the Malaysia.
The leader of Mexico is Silvano Aureoles Conejo.
The Spanish language is spoken in New York.
Shumai is in the China.
Peanut sauce is an ingredient in Siomay.
ethnic group Malays are an ethnic group in the Sumatra.
The leader of United Kingdom is David Cameron.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000. The , falls under the category of Contributing property.
The 14th New 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the district of the Monocacy National Battlefield. The city nearest to , is Frederick, Maryland, Maryland.
Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku in the Battle of Baku. , is located in Azerbaijan.
Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku in the Battle of Baku. Türk Şehitleri Anıtı is the native name of ,.
Akron, Ohio is in the United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
Albany, Oregon is part of Oregon. The capital of , is Salem, Oregon.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is led by the United States House of Representatives. , is in the United States.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Texas. , is in the United States.
Anaheim, California is part of California. , is led by the United States House of Representatives.
Anaheim, California is part of Orange County, California. , is in the United States.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Adams Township, Madison County, Indiana. , is in the United States.
Antioch, California, Indiana is located at 13.0 above sea level. The total area of , is square kilometres 75.324.
Arlington, Texas, Indiana is located at 184.0 above sea level. The total area of , is square kilometres 258.2.
Arlington, Texas is part of Texas. , is in the United States.
Atlanta is in the United States. , is part of Georgia.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is in the United States. , is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is in the United States. The capital of , is Washington, D.C..
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey. , is in the United States.
The total population density of Atlantic City, New Jersey, Texas is inhabitants per square kilometre 1421.2 km. The total area of , is square kilometres 44.125.
Auburn, Washington is part of Pierce County, Washington. , is in the United States.
Albany, Oregon is part of United States. The capital of , is Washington, D.C..
Amarillo, Texas is in the United States. The capital of , is Washington, D.C..
Albuquerque, New Mexico is in the United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
Albany, Georgia is part of United States. Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in the ,.
Auburn, Alabama is in the United States. Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in the ,.
Akron, Ohio is in the United States. The English language is spoken in ,.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is in the United States. , is led by the President of the United States.
Amatriciana sauce is in the Italy. Tomato is an ingredient in ,.
Arem-arem is in the Indonesia. The leader of , is Jusuf Kalla.
Arrabbiata sauce is in the Italy. The Italian language is spoken in ,.
Arrabbiata sauce is in the Italy. The leader of , is Sergio Mattarella.
Chili pepper is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce. , is in the Italy.
Arròs negre is from the Valencian Community region. , is in the Spain.
Asam pedas is in the Indonesia. The main ingredient of , is Fish cooked in sour and hot sauce.
Ayam penyet is from the Malaysia region. , is in the Indonesia.
BLT is a variation of Bacon sandwich. Club sandwich is a variation of ,.
Sausage is an ingredient in Bacon Explosion. The main ingredient of , is Bacon.
An alternative name for Bacon sandwich is Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, bacon muffin. Bacon is an ingredient in ,.
BLT is a variation of Bacon sandwich. Bread is an ingredient in ,.
Baked Alaska is in the France. Sponge cake is an ingredient in ,.
Baked Alaska is in the France. The leader of , is Manuel Valls.
Baked Alaska is in the United States. Meringue is an ingredient in ,.
Bakewell tart is a variation of Bakewell pudding. Fruit preserves is an ingredient in ,.
Bakso is in the Indonesia. Vermicelli is an ingredient in ,.
Celery is an ingredient in Bakso. , is part of the Apiaceae family.
Chicharrón is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa. , is in the Colombian cuisine.
Barny Cakes is in the France. The leader of , is Claude Bartolone.
Batagor is in the Indonesia. Peanut sauce is an ingredient in ,.
Peanut sauce is an ingredient in Batagor. Siomay is a variation of ,.
Beef kway teow is in the Singapore. Palm sugar is an ingredient in ,.
Beef kway teow is in the Singapore. The leader of , is Halimah Yacob.
The main ingredient of Beef kway teow is Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil. , is in the Singapore and Indonesia.
Bhajji is in the India. Indian people are from ,.
Bhajji is in the India. The leader of , is T. S. Thakur.
Binignit is in the Philippines. Igorot people are an ethnic group in the ,.
The main ingredient of Binignit is Banana. , is in the Philippines.
The main ingredient of Binignit is Sweet potato. Banana is an ingredient in ,.
Bionico is in the Mexico. The leader of , is Enrique Peña Nieto.
Bionico is from the Guadalajara region. Granola is an ingredient in ,.
Bionico is a Dessert. Cake is a variation of ,.
Bakso is in the Indonesia. The leader of , is Joko Widodo.
Shumai is a variation of Batagor. Shiitake is an ingredient in ,.
The runway length of Aarhus Airport is 2777.0. , is operated by the Aarhus Lufthavn A/S.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is 610.0 metres above sea level. , is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas.
The runway length of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is 3500.0. , is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh. , is part of Awadh.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq. The runway length of , is 3090.0.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Iraq. The Arabic is spoken in ,.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force. One of the noted , battles was the Invasion of Grenada.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae. , class is Monocotyledon.
The runway length of Alderney Airport is 877.0. The 1st runway at , is made from Asphalt.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan. The leader of , is Anwar Zaheer Jamali.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan. The runway length of , is 2900.0.
The length of the first runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 3800 metres. , is -3.3528 metres above sea level.
The 1st runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is made from Asphalt. , is -3.3528 metres above sea level.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam. The runway length of , is 2014.0.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam. The runway length of , is 3300.0.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas. The largest city in , is Houston.
The runway length of Angola International Airport is 3800.0. , serves the city of Luanda.
The runway length of New Zealand Ardmore Airport is 597.0. , (New Zealand)'s 3rd runway surface type is Poaceae.
The length of the first runway at Ashgabat International Airport is 12467 feet. , is 211 metres above sea level.
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by the Turkmenistan Airlines. The headquarters of , are located in Turkmenistan.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey. , is in the United States.
Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. 4/22 is the runway name of ,.
The runway length of Atlantic City International Airport is 3048.0. , is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey.
Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by the Infraero. , is located in Brasília.
1. FC Magdeburg has 27250 members. , played in the 2014–15 Regionalliga season.
A.C. Chievo Verona's ground is in Verona, Italy. , has 39371 members.
The manager of A.C. Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran. , was born in Italy.
The manager of A.D. Isidro Metapán is Jorge Humberto Rodríguez. , plays for FC Dallas.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members. , played in the 2014–15 A EPSTH, Greece season.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is footballer Stuart Parker. , plays for Blackburn Rovers F.C..
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is footballer Stuart Parker. , plays for Irlam Town F.C..
A.F.C. Fylde has 3180 members. ,'s ground is in Lancashire.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 has 5300 members. ,'s ground is in Gubbio.
A.S. Livorno Calcio's ground is in Livorno. , play in Serie B
The manager of A.S. Livorno Calcio is Christian Panucci. , plays for A.S. Roma.
The manager of ACF Fiorentina is Paulo Sousa. , plays for Juventus F.C..
ACF Fiorentina has 47290 members. The fullname of , is ACF Fiorentina S.p.A..
AEK Athens F.C.'s ground is in Greece. , has 69618 members.
AEK Athens F.C.'s ground is in Athens Olympic Stadium. , play in Superleague Greece
amateurs AFC Ajax's ground is in Sportpark De Toekomst. Jong Ajax is the tenant of AC ,.
AZAL PFK's ground is in AZAL Arena. , is located in Shuvalan, Baku, Azerbaijan.
Akron Summit Assault played in the 2011 PDL season season. , has 3000 members.
A.S. Gubbio 1910's ground is in Gubbio. , is from the Umbria region.
A.S. Gubbio 1910's ground is in Italy. The leader of , is Pietro Grasso.
The manager of A.S. Roma is Luciano Spalletti. , plays for Empoli F.C..
Eric Flint is the author of 1634: 1634: The Bavarian Crisis. , was preceded by The Grantville Gazettes.
1634: The Ram Rebellion is available in E-book. Virginia De Marce is the author of 1634: ,.
The AIP Advances EISSN number is 2158. ACM , has the abbreviation of AIP Adv.. Inf. Syst.
J. V. Jones is the author of 1634: A Fortress of Grey Ice. , is available in Print.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is 672 pages long. 1634: , can be located by it's ISBN number "978-1-0-7653-0633-6-4253-7".
A Glastonbury Romance was followed by Weymouth Sands. John Cowper Powys is the author of 1634: ,.
The OCLC number of A Long Long Way is 57392246. , is available in Print & Paperback.
A Long Long Way is 292 pages long. 1634: , can be located by it's ISBN number "978-1-0-670-03380-4-4253-7".
A Long Long Way was published by Viking Press. Penguin Random House is the parent company of ,.
Qiu Xiaolong is the author of 1634: A Loyal Character Dancer. , is available in Print.
The OCLC number of A Severed Wasp is 8805735. 1634: , can be located by it's ISBN number "978-1-0-374-26131-8-4253-7".
The OCLC number of A Severed Wasp is 8805735. , is available in Hardcover.
The English language is spoken in A Severed Wasp. The , is spoken in Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp is available in Print. 1634: , can be located by it's ISBN number "978-1-0-374-26131-8-4253-7".
Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg was published by Springer Science+Business Media. Julius Springer founded ,.
1634: Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians can be located by it's ISBN number "978-1-0-439-92550-9-4253-7". The literary genre of Alcatrz , is Fantasy literature.
The OCLC number of Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is 78771100. 1634: , can be located by it's ISBN number "978-1-0-439-92550-9-4253-7".
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was followed by Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener's Bones. Brandon Sanderson is the author of 1634: ,.
The academic discipline of American Journal of Mathematics is Mathematics. ACM , has the abbreviation of Am. J. Math.. Inf. Syst.
American Journal of Mathematics was published by Johns Hopkins University Press. Johns Hopkins University is the parent company of ,.
1634: The Ram Rebellion is in the United States. The capital of , is Washington, D.C..
A Fortress of Grey Ice is in the United States. The capital of , is Washington, D.C..
A Fortress of Grey Ice is in the United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
A Wizard of Mars is in the United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
A Wizard of Mars is in the United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
Uab is the nickname of 1 Decembrie 1918 University. , is in Alba.
Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. , is located in Belgaum.
The president of Acharya Institute of Technology is B.M. Reddy. , is located in Bangalore.
The All India All India Council for Technical Education was proud to give the Technical Campus status to the Acharya Institute of Technology. , is located in Mumbai.
AWH Engineering College is in Kerala. The leader of , is Kochi.
April O'Neil was created by Peter Laird. The nationality of , is United States.
Bananaman is broadcast by BBC. , stars Jill Shilling.
Bananaman stars Graeme Garden. , is broadcast by STV.
Bananaman stars Tim Brooke-Taylor. , was born in Derbyshire.
film Big Hero 6 was Baymax's first film appearance. , stars Alan Tudyk.
film Big Hero 6 was Baymax's first film appearance. , stars Scott Adsit.
Baymax is a character in film Big Hero 6. , was created by Steven T. Seagle.
Ben Urich was created by comic book writer Roger Mc Kenzie. the full name of Auron (,) is "Benjamin Urich".
Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Jerry Ordway. , was created by Marv Wolfman.
Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Marv Wolfman. the full name of Auron (,) is "Bo Bibbowski".
Alan Bean was born on the 15th of March 1932-03-15. , is Retired.
Alan Shepard is Deceased. , was a Test pilot.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. , was born on the 15th of March 1930-01-20.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. , is part of Essex County, New Jersey.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong. , served as a crew member of Apollo 8.
William Anders is Retired. AFIT, M.S. 1962 is ,'s almaMater.
There are 50 floors at 108 St Georges Terrace. , was completed in 1988.
There are 45 floors at 200 Public Square. , is located in United States.
There are 34 floors at 20 Fenchurch Street. , has a floor area of square metres 62145.3.
300 North La Salle is located in Chicago. There are 60 floors at ,.
The architect of 320 South Boston Building is George Winkler. , is in the United States.
3Arena is located in East Link Bridge. The architect of , is HOK SVE.
3Arena is located in Dublin. The architect of , is company Populous.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen. , is located in Copenhagen.
The architect of Adare Manor is George Richard Pain. , was completed in 1862.
Adare Manor is located in Adare. , is located in County Limerick.
Addis Ababa City Hall is in the Ethiopia. , is located in Addis Ababa.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka. The Tudor Revival architecture style of the , is Georgian.
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka. The Tudor Revival architecture style of the , is Georgian.
Akita Museum of Art is in the Japan. Brazilians in Japan are an ethnic group in the ,.
There are 3 floors at Akita Museum of Art. The address of , is 1-4-2 Nakadori.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat. The address of , is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road.
Ampara Hospital is in Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. The leader of , is Austin Fernando.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City. , is in the United States.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City. , is part of Brooklyn.
Adare Manor is located in County Limerick. , is part of Munster.
3Arena is located in Dublin. , is part of Republic of Ireland.
The nationality of Alan Bean is United States. , was born in Wheeler, Texas. , is Retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. The nationality of , is United States. The leader of , is Joe Biden.
The nationality of Buzz Aldrin is United States. , was chosen by NASA in 1963. Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963 is ,'s almaMater.
University of Texas at Austin is Elliot See's almaMater. , was born in Dallas. The nationality of , is United States.
University of Texas at Austin is Elliot See's almaMater. , died in St. Louis. , was chosen by NASA in 1962.
University of Texas at Austin is Elliot See's almaMater. , died in St. Louis. The leader of , is Francis G. Slay.
Elliot See died in St. Louis. , died on the 21st of July, 1966-02-28. , is part of Kingdom of France.
Alan Shepard spent minutes 13017.0 in space. , was born in New Hampshire. The Purple finch is a native bird to ,.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis is 448 pages long. Virginia De Marce and Eric Flint is the author of 1634: ,. , is available in Print.
The English language is spoken in 1634: The Ram Rebellion. , was preceded by 1634: The Galileo Affair. The , is spoken in Great Britain.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems was published by Association for Computing Machinery. The leader of , is Alexander L. Wolf. The headquarters of , are located in New York City.
The academic discipline of journal AIDS is HIV. The academic discipline of , is HIV/AIDS. The ISSN number of ACM , is 0269-9370-8188.
The academic discipline of journal AIDS is HIV. The academic discipline of , is HIV/AIDS. The ISSN number of ACM , is 1473-5571-8188.
AIP Advances editors include the following: Vincent H. Crespi, Bernard S. Gerstman, A.T. Charlie Johnson, Masaaki Tanaka, Enge G. Wang. , resides in the United States. Stanford University is ,'s almaMater.
The OCLC number of A Fortress of Grey Ice is 51969173. J. V. Jones is the author of 1634: ,. 1634: , can be located by it's ISBN number "978-1-0-7653-0633-6-4253-7".
Qiu Xiaolong is the author of 1634: A Loyal Character Dancer. The OCLC number of , is 49805501. 1634: , can be located by it's ISBN number "978-1-1-56947-301-3-4253-7".
The English language is spoken in A Loyal Character Dancer. , was published by Soho Press. , is in the United States.
The English language is spoken in A Severed Wasp. , is in the United States. The , is spoken in Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp is 388 pages long. The OCLC number of , is 8805735. , is available in Hardcover.
The ISSN number of ACM Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg is 1865-8784-8188. 32024459 is the LCCN number of ACM ,. ACM , has the abbreviation of Abh. Math. Semin. Univ. Hambg.. Inf. Syst.
The English language is spoken in Aenir. , was followed by Above the Veil. , is in the Australians.
Garth Nix is the author of 1634: Aenir. , was followed by Above the Veil. The English language is spoken in ,.
Above the Veil is 248 pages long. Garth Nix is the author of 1634: ,. , is available in Hardcover.
The ISSN number of ACM Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is 0567-7920-8188. 60040714 is the LCCN number of ACM ,. ACM , has the abbreviation of Acta Palaeontol. Pol.. Inf. Syst.
The academic discipline of journal Addiction is Addiction. ACM , has the abbreviation of Addiction. Inf. Syst. The ISSN number of ACM , is 1360-0443-8188.
journal Addiction was published by Wiley-Blackwell. The ISSN number of ACM , is 0965-2140-8188. John Wiley & Sons is the parent company of ,.
Administrative Science Quarterly was published by Cornell University. , is affiliated with the Association of American Universities. , is in New York.
Garth Nix is the author of 1634: Aenir. The English language is spoken in ,. , was followed by Above the Veil.
The English language is spoken in Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians. , is in the United States. The , is spoken in Great Britain.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is available in Hardcover. , is 320 pages long. The OCLC number of , is 78771100.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is in the United States. The English language is spoken in ,. The , is spoken in Great Britain.
John Cowper Powys is the author of 1634: A Glastonbury Romance. , was born in Shirley, Derbyshire. , died in Blaenau Ffestiniog.
The ISSN number of ACM Administrative Science Quarterly is 0001-8392-8188. , was published by SAGE Publications. Sara Miller Mc Cune founded ,.
A Severed Wasp is in the United States. The capital of , is Washington, D.C.. Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in the ,.
The English language is spoken in A Wizard of Mars. , is in the United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
A Wizard of Mars is in the United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the ,. The capital of , is Washington, D.C..
A Wizard of Mars is in the United States. The leader of , is Barack Obama. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
1634: The Ram Rebellion is in the United States. , is led by the President of the United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is in the United States. , is led by the President of the United States. Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in the ,.
The manager of 1. FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel. , plays for 1. FC Lokomotive Leipzig. , plays for SV Germania Schöneiche.
The manager of A.C. Cesena is Massimo Drago. , plays for A.S.D. Licata 1931. , plays for A.S.D. S.S. Nola 1925.
The fullname of A.C. Lumezzane is Associazione Calcio Lumezzane Sp A. , play in Lega Pro/A , has 4150 members.
The manager of A.D. Isidro Metapán is Jorge Humberto Rodríguez. , plays for Alianza F.C.. , plays for El Salvador national football team.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members. Antonis Milionis is the chairman of ,. ,'s ground is in Efxeinoupoli.
A.F.C. Blackpool's ground is in Blackpool. , has 1500 members. The fullname of , is Association Football Club Blackpool.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is footballer Stuart Parker. , plays for Chesterfield F.C.. , plays for Runcorn F.C. Halton.
The manager of A.F.C. Fylde is Dave Challinor. , plays for Stockport County F.C.. , plays for Colwyn Bay F.C..
A.S. Livorno Calcio's ground is in Livorno, Italy. , has 19238 members. The fullname of , is Livorno Calcio S.p.A..
The manager of A.S. Livorno Calcio is Christian Panucci. , play in Serie B Carpi F.C. 1909 are the champions of ,
The manager of A.S. Livorno Calcio is Christian Panucci. , plays for Chelsea F.C.. , plays for Real Madrid C.F..
AEK Athens F.C. play in Superleague Greece ,'s ground is in Greece. Olympiacos F.C. are the champions of ,
The manager of AEK Athens F.C. is Gus Poyet. , plays for Real Zaragoza. , plays for Chelsea F.C..
amateurs AFC Ajax's ground is in Amsterdam. The leader of , is Eberhard van der Laan. , Noord is part of Amsterdam-Centrum.
amateurs AFC Ajax's ground is in Amsterdam. The leader of , is Eberhard van der Laan. , Noord is part of Amsterdam-Noord.
The manager of AZ Alkmaar is John van den Brom. , plays for Jong Ajax. , plays for İstanbulspor A.Ş..
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in Campeonato Brasileiro Série C ,'s ground is in Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca. , is in the Brazil.
The manager of A.S. Roma is Luciano Spalletti. , plays for Udinese Calcio. , plays for Empoli F.C..
The manager of A.C. Cesena is Massimo Drago. , plays for S.S. Chieti Calcio. , plays for A.S.D. Licata 1931.
The manager of A.C. Cesena is Massimo Drago. , plays for U.S. Castrovillari Calcio. , plays for A.S.D. S.S. Nola 1925.
The manager of A.C. Cesena is Massimo Drago. , plays for U.S. Castrovillari Calcio. , plays for S.S. Chieti Calcio.
103 Colmore Row is located in Colmore Row. The architect of , is John Madin. , was born in Birmingham.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland. , is part of Cuyahoga County, Ohio. The leader of , is Frank G. Jackson.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in United States. , has a floor area of square metres 30843.8. There are 12 floors at ,.
300 North La Salle is located in Chicago. The leader of , is Rahm Emanuel. , is part of Du Page County, Illinois.
The architect of 320 South Boston Building is George Winkler. There are 22 floors at ,. , is in the United States.
3Arena is located in North Wall Quay. The architect of , is HOK SVE. , was completed in December 2008.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Denmark. Marriott International is the tenant of AC ,. There are 23 floors at ,.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen. The architect of , is 3XN. There are 23 floors at ,.
The architect of Adare Manor is Augustus Pugin. One of the significant buildings designed by , is the Palace of Westminster. , was born in Bloomsbury.
The architect of Adare Manor is Philip Charles Hardwick. , was completed in 1862. J. P. Mc Manus is the owner of ,.
The Tudor and Jacabian style of the Adisham Hall is Georgian. , was completed in 1931. , is located in Haputale.
The Tudor and Jacabian style of the Adisham Hall is Georgian. , is located in Sri Lanka. , was completed in 1931.
Adisham Hall is in the Sri Lanka. , is located in Haputale. The leader of , is Ranil Wickremesinghe.
Adisham Hall is in the Sri Lanka. The capital of , is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte. The currency of , is the Sri Lankan rupee.
The construction of Alan B. Miller Hall began in 30 March 2007. The Mason School of Business is the current tenant of the ,. , is in the United States.
The architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds is Julia Morgan. , was born in San Francisco. One of the significant buildings designed by , is the Riverside Art Museum.
The architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds is Julia Morgan. One of the significant buildings designed by , is the Chinatown, San Francisco. , was born in California.
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located in Asilomar Blvd., Pacific Grove, California. The , were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987-02-27. , has the reference number 87000823 in the National Register of Historic Places.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in Manhattan Avenue A. Asher and , was built in 1904. The , were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1980-04-23.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City. Asher and , was built in 1904. The , were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1980-04-23.
The architect of 103 Colmore Row is John Madin. Birmingham is the home town of ,. The leader of , is UK Conservative Party.
The architect of 103 Colmore Row is John Madin. , was born in Birmingham. The leader of , is Liberal Democrats.
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa. , is in the Ethiopia. The leader of , is Hailemariam Desalegn.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad. , is located in Gujarat. The leader of , is Anandiben Patel.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen. , is located in Bethesda, Maryland. Bill Marriott is the key person for ,.
Albany, Georgia is part of Dougherty County, Georgia. , is in the United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
The total population density of Albuquerque, New Mexico, Texas is inhabitants per square kilometre 1142.3 km. , is led by the New Mexico Senate. The total area of , is square kilometres 490.9.
Alpharetta, Georgia is in the United States. , is part of Fulton County, Georgia. African Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
Alpharetta, Georgia is in the United States. , is part of U.S. state Georgia. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
Alpharetta, Georgia is in the United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the ,. The capital of , is Washington, D.C..
Anaheim, Anaheim, California has a UTC offset of - -7. The area code for , is 657, 714. The total area of , is square kilometres 131.6.
Anaheim, California is part of California. , is led by the California State Senate. , is located in California State Capitol.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Lafayette Township, Madison County, Indiana. , is part of Indiana. , is in the United States.
Angola, Indiana is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana. , is in the United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
Antioch, California is part of Contra Costa County, California. , is led by the United States House of Representatives. , is part of San Francisco Bay Area.
Arlington, Texas is part of Tarrant County, Texas. Fort Worth, Texas the county seat of ,, Texas. , is in the United States.
Atlanta is in the United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the ,. The capital of , is Washington, D.C..
The total population density of Atlanta, Texas is inhabitants per square kilometre 1299.0 km. The area code for , is 404. The total area of , is square kilometres 347.1.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is in the United States. , is part of New Jersey. The largest city in , is Newark, New Jersey.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey. , is in the United States. The largest city in , is New York City.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama. , is part of Alabama. , is in the United States.
Auburn, Washington is part of state Washington. , is in the United States. The capital of , is Washington, D.C..
Auburn, Washington is part of state Washington. The capital of , is Olympia, Washington. , is in the United States.
Albany, Georgia is part of U.S. state Georgia. , is part of Dougherty County, Georgia. The capital of , is Atlanta.
Alexandria, Indiana is part of Madison County, Indiana. , is in the United States. The largest city in , is Anderson, Indiana.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of New Jersey. The capital of , is Trenton, New Jersey. , is in the United States.
Arlington, Texas is part of Texas. The English language is spoken in ,. The largest city in , is Houston.
Attica, Indiana is in the United States. , is part of Fountain County, Indiana. The capital of , is Washington, D.C..
Attica, Indiana is part of Fountain County, Indiana. , is in the United States. The capital of , is Washington, D.C..
Akron, Ohio is in the United States. The capital of , is Washington, D.C.. The English language is spoken in ,.
Akron, Ohio is in the United States. , is part of Summit County, Ohio. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
Albany, Oregon is part of Benton County, Oregon. , is in the United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is in the United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the ,. The leader of , is Barack Obama.
Albany, Georgia is in the United States. The English language is spoken in ,. African Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
Angola, Indiana is in the United States. The English language is spoken in ,. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
The runway length of Aarhus Airport is 2776.0. , is operated by the Aarhus Lufthavn A/S. 10R/28L is the runway name of ,.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid, New York. The runway length of , is 2003.0. , serves the city of Saranac Lake, New York.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Paracuellos de Jarama. , is in the Spain. , is part of Community of Madrid.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh. , is operated by the Indian Air Force. The ICAO Location Identifier of , is VIAG.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force. , is located in Iraq. The runway length of , is 3992.88.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force. , aircraft fighter is Mc Donnell Douglas F-15 Eagle Falcon. One of the noted , battles was the 1986 United States bombing of Libya.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force. One of the noted , battles was the Invasion of Grenada. , aircraft fighter is Mc Donnell Douglas F-15 Eagle Falcon.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae. The runway length of , is 877.0. , serves the city of Alderney.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan. , is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. The headquarters of , are located in Jinnah International Airport.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan. 18L/36R is the runway name of ,. The runway length of , is 2900.0.
Alpena County Regional Airport is 210 metres above sea level. , is located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan. , is in the United States.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas. The runway length of , is 1773.0. , is 973.0 metres above sea level.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas. The runway length of , is 896.0. , is 973.0 metres above sea level.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas. The capital of , is Austin, Texas. The English language is spoken in ,.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas. Tejano are from ,. , is in the United States.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp. , is in the Belgium. The German language is spoken in ,.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey. , is in the United States. , is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey.
Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. The , York and New Jersey serves the New Jersey region. The headquarters of , are located in Four World Trade Center.
The runway length of Atlantic City International Airport is 3048.0. , is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey. , is in the United States.
Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore. , is in the Pakistan. The leader of , is Anwar Zaheer Jamali.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid. , is part of Community of Madrid. The leader party at , is the Ahora Madrid (Spain).
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid. The leader party at , is the Ahora Madrid (Spain). , is in the Spain.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes. The leader party at , is the Spain People's Party (Spain). , is in the Spain.
11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in the United States. , is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. Carroll County, Maryland, Maryland is to the southwest of Adams County, ,.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in the municipality of Gettysburg , Gettysburg, Pennsylvania. , is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. Carroll County, Maryland, Maryland is to the southwest of Adams County, ,.
Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan. Türk Şehitleri Anıtı is the native name of ,. The capital of , is Baku.
Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan. The leader of , is Artur Rasizade. The Azerbaijan National Assembly the legislature of ,.
İzmir Atatürk Monument is located in Turkey. The leader of , is Ahmet Davutoğlu. The capital of , is Ankara.
Amatriciana sauce is from the Lazio region. , is in the Italy. Guanciale is an ingredient in ,.
Banana leaf is an ingredient in Arem-arem. , is from the Javanese cuisine region. The main ingredient of , is compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
Tomato is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce. , belongs to the division of Flowering plant. , is part of the Solanaceae family.
Arrabbiata sauce is from the Rome region. , is in the Italy. Olive oil is an ingredient in ,.
Arrabbiata sauce is from the Rome region. Tomato is an ingredient in ,. , is in the Italy.
Asam pedas is in the Malaysia. The main ingredient of , is Fish cooked in sour and hot sauce. , is from the Malay Peninsula region.
Asam pedas is in the Malaysia. The capital of , is Kuala Lumpur. The leader of , is Arifin Zakaria.
Ayam penyet is from the Malaysia region. , is in the Indonesia. Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group in the ,.
BLT is a variation of Bacon sandwich. Lettuce is an ingredient in ,. Club sandwich is a variation of ,.
Bacon Explosion is in the United States. The leader of , is Barack Obama. White Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
Bacon Explosion is in the United States. The leader of , is John Roberts. The capital of , is Washington, D.C..
BLT is a variation of Bacon sandwich. Bread is an ingredient in ,. Club sandwich is a variation of ,.
Baked Alaska is in the France. , is from the New York region. Sponge cake is an ingredient in ,.
Baked Alaska is in the France. The leader of , is Manuel Valls. The currency of , is the Euro.
Baked Alaska is in the United States. , is from the New York region. Christmas pudding is an ingredient in ,.
Baked Alaska is a Dessert. Sponge cake is an ingredient in ,. Cookie is a variation of ,.
Bakewell pudding is from the Derbyshire Dales region. , is a Dessert. The main ingredient of , is Ground almond, jam, butter, eggs.
Bakewell pudding is from the Derbyshire Dales region. Bakewell tart is a variation of ,. The main ingredient of , is Ground almond, jam, butter, eggs.
Bakso is in the Indonesia. Beef is an ingredient in ,.
Avocado is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa. , is in the Colombian cuisine. , is from the Paisa Region region.
Bandeja paisa is from the Paisa Region region. , is in the Colombian cuisine. Hogao is an ingredient in ,.
Barny Cakes is in the France. The leader of , is Claude Bartolone. The leader of , is Manuel Valls.
Batchoy is in the Philippines. The main ingredient of , is noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, beef. Noodle is an ingredient in ,.
Batchoy is in the Philippines. The main ingredient of , is noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, beef. Vegetable is an ingredient in ,.
Beef kway teow is in the Singapore. , is from the Nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia region. The leader of , is Tony Tan.
Beef kway teow is from the Singapore region. , is in the Indonesia. Sesame oil is an ingredient in ,.
Beef kway teow is from the Singapore region. Oyster sauce is an ingredient in ,. , is in the Singapore and Indonesia.
Bhajji is in the India. The currency of , is the Indian rupee. The leader of , is Sumitra Mahajan.
Banana is an ingredient in Binignit. , is a Dessert. Cookie is a variation of ,.
Sago is an ingredient in Binignit. , is a Dessert. Cookie is a variation of ,.
Taro is an ingredient in Binignit. , is a Dessert. Cookie is a variation of ,.
The main ingredient of Binignit is Sweet potato. Banana is an ingredient in ,. , is of the order Solanales.
Bionico is in the Mexico. , is a Dessert. Granola is an ingredient in ,.
Bionico is in the Mexico. , is from the Guadalajara region. Raisin is an ingredient in ,.
Bionico is in the Mexico. The leader of , is Silvano Aureoles Conejo. The currency of , is the Mexican peso.
Amatriciana sauce is in the Italy. The capital of , is Rome. The leader of , is Pietro Grasso.
Batchoy is in the Philippines. The Arabic is spoken in ,. Igorot people are an ethnic group in the ,.
Beef kway teow is in the Singapore. The leader of , is Tony Tan. The English language is spoken in ,.
Tomato is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce. , is part of the Solanaceae family. , is of the order Solanales.
AWH Engineering College is in the India. The academic staff at the , number 250. , is in Kerala.
Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore. The number of post graduate students at the , is about 700. , is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
AWH Engineering College is in Kerala. The leader of , is Kochi. Mahé, India, Maryland is to the southwest of Adams County, ,.
1 Decembrie 1918 University is in the Romania. Germans of Romania are an ethnic group in the ,. The anthem of , is called Deșteaptă-te, române!.
1 Decembrie 1918 University is in the Romania. Germans of Romania are an ethnic group in the ,. The leader of , is Klaus Iohannis.
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association. The , was established in 1928. The headquarters of the , is in Brussels.
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus. , is in the Denmark. The , was established in 1928.
comics Character Asterix was created by René Goscinny. , was created by Albert Uderzo. The nationality of , is French people.
Bananaman stars Tim Brooke-Taylor. , is broadcast by BBC. , last aired on April 15th 1986-04-15.
film Big Hero 6 was Baymax's first film appearance. Walt Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures is the distributor of the film , ,. , stars Scott Adsit.
Baymax is a character in film Big Hero 6. Walt Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures is the distributor of the film , ,. , stars Scott Adsit.
Baymax is a character in film Big Hero 6. , stars Ryan Potter. Walt Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures is the distributor of the film , ,.
comics Character Blockbuster was created by Gardner Fox. An alternative name for , is Mark Desmond. , was created by Carmine Infantino.
An alternative name for comics Character Bolt is Larry Bolatinsky. , was created by Dan Mishkin. , was created by comics Gary Cohn.
comics Character Bolt was created by Ernie Colón. An alternative name for , is Larry Bolatinsky. , was created by comics Gary Cohn.
103 Colmore Row is located in Birmingham. , was completed in 1976. The construction of , began in 1973. There are 23 floors at ,.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa. Asian South Africans are an ethnic group in the ,. The capital of , is Cape Town. Coloured are an ethnic group in the ,.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland. , is part of Cuyahoga County, Ohio. , is in the United States. ,'s governing body is Cleveland City Council.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo, New York. , cost dollars 110 million. , has a floor area of square metres 30843.8. There are 12 floors at ,.
300 North La Salle is located in Chicago. The leader of , is Rahm Emanuel. , is part of Cook County, Illinois. , is in the United States.
300 North La Salle is located in Illinois. , has a floor area of square metres 120770.0. , was completed in 2009. There are 60 floors at ,.
Live Nation Entertainment is the owner of 3Arena. , is located in Dublin. , is part of Republic of Ireland. , is part of Leinster.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen. , is located in Copenhagen. The architect of , is 3XN. There are 23 floors at ,.
Adare Manor is located in Adare. , is located in County Limerick. , is part of Munster. , is governed by the Limerick City and County Council Council.
Akita Museum of Art is in the Japan. , is located in Akita, Akita. Brazilians in Japan are an ethnic group in the ,. , is part of Akita Prefecture.
Akita Museum of Art is in the Japan. , is located in Akita, Akita. Filipinos in Japan are an ethnic group in the ,. , is part of Akita Prefecture.
Akita Museum of Art is in the Japan. , is located in Akita Prefecture. , is located in Akita, Akita. Vietnamese people in Japan are an ethnic group in the ,.
Akita Museum of Art is in the Japan. , is located in Akita Prefecture. , is located in Akita, Akita. Brazilians in Japan are an ethnic group in the ,.
College of William & Mary is the owner of Alan B. Miller Hall. , was completed in 1 June 2009. The address of , is 101 Ukrop Way. , is located in Williamsburg, Virginia.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat. , is in the India. The leader of , is Narendra Modi. The leader of , is Sumitra Mahajan.
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located in Pacific Grove, California. The , were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987-02-27. , has the reference number 87000823 in the National Register of Historic Places. Asher and , was built in 1913.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in Manhattan Avenue A. , has the reference number 80002709 in the National Register of Historic Places. Asher and , was built in 1904. The , were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1980-04-23.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City. , is part of Manhattan. , is part of Brooklyn. The leader of , is Cyrus Vance, Jr..
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City. , is in the United States. , is part of Manhattan. The leader of , is Gale Brewer.
The architect of 103 Colmore Row is John Madin. , was born in Birmingham. Antioch, , has postal codes B postcode area. The leader of , is Andrew Mitchell.
The architect of 103 Colmore Row is John Madin. , was born in Birmingham. Antioch, , has postal codes B postcode area. The leader of , is UK Labour Party.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat. , is in the India. The leader of , is Anandiben Patel. The leader of , is Sumitra Mahajan.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat. , is in the India. The leader of , is T. S. Thakur. The leader of , is Narendra Modi.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture. , is located in Akita, Akita. , is in the Japan. Brazilians in Japan are an ethnic group in the ,.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in United Kingdom. The capital of , is London. The leader of , is Elizabeth II. , is led by the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in United States. The English language is spoken in ,. , is led by the President of the United States. The leader of , is Joe Biden.
11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in the United States. , is in Pennsylvania. The , was established in 2000. The , falls under the category of Contributing property.
Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan. The capital of , is Baku. , is led by the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan. The leader of , is Artur Rasizade.
Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku in the Battle of Baku. , is located in Azerbaijan. Türk Şehitleri Anıtı is the native name of ,. The capital of , is Baku.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established in 1907-07-11. The 14th New , is located in the district of the Monocacy National Battlefield. , is located in Frederick County, Maryland. The city nearest to , is Frederick, Maryland, Maryland.
The İzmir Atatürk Monument is made from Bronze. , is located in Turkey. The leader of , is Ahmet Davutoğlu. The capital of , is Ankara.
The İzmir Atatürk Monument was designed by Pietro Canonica. , was in augurated on 1932-07-27-10-02. , is located in Turkey. , is led by the President of Turkey.
Albany, Georgia is part of U.S. state Georgia. , is in the United States. The English language is spoken in ,. Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in the ,.
The area code for Albuquerque, New Mexico is 505, 575. The land area, of , (New Mexico), is square kilometres 486.2. The total area of , is square kilometres 490.9. The total population density of ,, Texas is inhabitants per square kilometre 1142.3 km.
Alpharetta, Georgia is in the United States. , is part of U.S. state Georgia. , is part of Fulton County, Georgia. Atlanta the county seat of ,, Texas.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Texas. , is in the United States. The capital of , is Washington, D.C.. African Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Texas. , is in the United States. , is in Texas. The capital of , is Austin, Texas.
Anaheim, California is led by the California State Assembly. , is part of California. , is located in California State Capitol. The Spanish language is spoken in ,.
The total population density of Anderson, Indiana, Texas is inhabitants per square kilometre 523.9 km. The total area of , is square kilometres 107.43. ,, Indiana is located at 268.0 above sea level. , is part of Adams, Fall Creek, Lafayette, Richland, Union.
Angola, Indiana is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana. , is in the United States. , is part of Indiana. The total area of , is square kilometres 16.55.
Anaheim, Antioch, California has a UTC offset of - -7. ,, CA has 102372 people inhabiting it. The area code for , is 925. The total area of , is square kilometres 75.324.
The total population density of Atlantic City, New Jersey, Texas is inhabitants per square kilometre 1421.2 km. The area code for , is 609. , is led by the Mayors of Atlantic City, New Jersey. The total area of , is square kilometres 44.125.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama. , is in the United States. , is in Alabama. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama. , is in the United States. , is in Alabama. African Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
Auburn, Washington is part of Pierce County, Washington. , is part of King County, Washington. , is in the United States. The capital of , is Washington, D.C..
Auburn, Washington is part of state Washington. , is in the United States. , is part of King County, Washington. The capital of , is Washington, D.C..
Austin, Texas is part of Texas. , is part of Hays County, Texas. The largest city in , is Houston. San Marcos, Texas the county seat of ,, Texas.
Anaheim, California is led by the California State Assembly. , is part of California. , is located in California State Capitol. The Chinese language is spoken in ,.
Alpharetta, Georgia is part of U.S. state Georgia. , is part of Fulton County, Georgia. , is in the United States. Atlanta the county seat of ,, Texas.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Lafayette Township, Madison County, Indiana. , is part of Indiana. , is in the United States. The capital of , is Indianapolis.
Arlington, Texas is part of Texas. The English language is spoken in ,. , is in the United States. The largest city in , is Houston.
Albany, Oregon is part of Benton County, Oregon. , is in the United States. The capital of , is Washington, D.C.. African Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of New Jersey. , is in the United States. The capital of , is Washington, D.C.. The largest city in , is New York City.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is in the United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in the ,. , is led by the President of the United States. The leader of , is Barack Obama.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is led by the New Mexico Senate. , is in the United States. The leader of , is John Sánchez. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
Albany, Oregon is part of Benton County, Oregon. , is in the United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the ,. The capital of , is Washington, D.C..
Albuquerque, New Mexico is led by the Mayor of Albuquerque. , is in the United States. Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in the ,. The leader of , is Barack Obama.
Albany, Georgia is part of United States. The English language is spoken in ,. Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in the ,.
Angola, Indiana is part of Indiana. , is in the United States. The English language is spoken in ,. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
Angola, Indiana is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana. , is in the United States. The English language is spoken in ,. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
The manager of 1. FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel. , plays for SV Babelsberg 03. , plays for 1. FC Union Berlin. , plays for FSV Zwickau.
The manager of A.C. Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran. , plays for F.C. Bari 1908. , was born in Italy. , plays for Carrarese Calcio.
The manager of A.C. Lumezzane is Michele Marcolini. , was born in Italy. , plays for Torino F.C.. , plays for A.C. Chievo Verona.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members. Antonis Milionis is the chairman of ,. ,'s ground is in Efxeinoupoli. , play in A EPSTH 2nd GROUP
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is footballer Stuart Parker. ,'s ground is in Blackpool. , plays for Stockport County F.C.. The leader of , is UK Conservative Party.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is footballer Stuart Parker. ,'s ground is in Blackpool. , plays for Stockport County F.C.. The leader of , is Gordon Marsden.
A.F.C. Fylde's ground is in Warton, Fylde, Lancashire. , played in the 2014 season. , has 3180 members. The fullname of , is Association Football Club Fylde.
A.F.C. Fylde played in the 2014 season. , has 3180 members. The fullname of , is Association Football Club Fylde. ,'s ground is in Bryning Lane.
The manager of ACF Fiorentina is Paulo Sousa. , plays for Juventus F.C.. , plays for Maccabi Tel Aviv F.C.. , plays for Inter Milan.
AEK Athens F.C. has 69618 members. ,'s ground is in Greece. , play in Superleague Greece , played in the 2014 season.
amateurs AFC Ajax's ground is in Sportpark De Toekomst. , is operated by AFC Ajax. AFC Ajax N.V. is the owner of ,. Jong Ajax is the tenant of AC ,.
Joden , Godenzonen is the nickname of amateurs AFC Ajax. , played in the 2014 season. , has 5000 members. The fullname of , is Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs.
The manager of AZ Alkmaar is John van den Brom. , plays for Vitesse Arnhem. , plays for AFC Ajax. , plays for Netherlands national football team.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in Campeonato Brasileiro Série C ,'s ground is in Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca. Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of , , is located in Alagoas.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in Campeonato Brasileiro Série C ,'s ground is in Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca. , is in the Brazil. , is located in Alagoas.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in Campeonato Brasileiro Série C ,'s ground is in Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca. , is in the Brazil. , is located in Arapiraca.
Akron Summit Assault's ground is in St. Vincent–St. Mary High School. , is in the United States. , is located in Akron, Ohio. , is part of Summit County, Ohio.
A.S. Gubbio 1910's ground is in Italy. The leader of , is Pietro Grasso. The capital of , is Rome. The leader of , is Sergio Mattarella.
The manager of 1. FC Köln is Peter Stöger. , plays for SK Vorwärts Steyr. , plays for FC Admira Wacker Mödling. , plays for FK Austria Wien.
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene, Texas. The runway length of , is 2194.0. , is 546 metres above sea level. 17L/35R is the runway name of ,.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid, New York. The runway length of , is 2003.0. , is 507 metres above sea level. , serves the city of Saranac Lake, New York.
18L/36R is the runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport. The runway length of , is 3500.0. , is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas. , is operated by the ENAIRE.
Agra Airport is located in India. , is operated by the Indian Air Force. , IATA Location Identifier is AGR. The ICAO Location Identifier of , is VIAG.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force. , is located in Iraq. The runway length of , is 3990.0. 08/26 is the runway name of ,.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force. The runway length of , is 3990.0. , is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq. 09R/27L is the runway name of ,.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force. One of the noted , battles was the Invasion of Grenada. The Lockheed AC-130 can be found on , aircraft carriers. , aircraft fighter is Mc Donnell Douglas F-15 Eagle Falcon.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan. The runway length of , is 2900.0. , is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. , serves the city of Lahore.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam. 09/27 'Buitenveldertbaan' is the runway name of ,. The runway length of , is 2014.0. , is -3.3528 metres above sea level.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam. 18L/36R 'Aalsmeerbaan' is the runway name of ,. The runway length of , is 2014.0. , is -3.3528 metres above sea level.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas. The runway length of , is 929.0. , serves the city of Andrews, Texas. , is 973.0 metres above sea level.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas. The capital of , is Austin, Texas. Tejano are from ,. , is in the United States.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas. The capital of , is Austin, Texas. The English language is spoken in ,. , is in the United States.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo. , serves the city of Luanda. , is in the Angola. , is part of Luanda Province.
Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish Government. Flemish Region is the owner of ,. , is 12.0 metres above sea level. The runway length of , is 600.0.
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by the Turkmenistan Airlines. The headquarters of , are located in Turkmenistan. The hub airport for , is Turkmenbashi International Airport. The headquarters of , are located in Ashgabat.
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens. , is located in Spata. , is 94 metres above sea level. The runway length of , is 3800.0.
Atlantic City International Airport serves the city of Atlantic City, New Jersey. , is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey. The leader of , is Don Guardian. , is in the United States.
South Jersey Transportation Authority is the owner of Atlantic City International Airport. , is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey. The leader of , is Stephen Dilts. , is in the United States.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp. , is in the Belgium. The leader of , is Charles Michel. The German language is spoken in ,.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp. , is in the Belgium. The leader of , is Philippe of Belgium. The French language is spoken in ,.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake, New York. , is part of Harrietstown, New York. , is part of Essex County, New York. , is in the United States.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah. , is in the Iraq. The Kurdish languages is spoken in ,. The leader of , is Fuad Masum.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah. , is in the Iraq. The leader of , is Haider al-Abadi. The Kurdish languages is spoken in ,.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan. , serves the city of Lahore. The leader of , is Malik Muhammad Rafique Rajwana. , is in the Pakistan.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae. , belongs to the division of Flowering plant. , is of the order Commelinids. , class is Monocotyledon.
Bananaman is broadcast by BBC. Rona Fairhead is the key person for ,. One of the products of , is BBC Radio. , is located in Broadcasting House.
Bananaman stars Jill Shilling. , was created by Steve Bright. , first aired on 3rd October 1983-10-03. , is broadcast by STV.
Baymax was created by Duncan Rouleau. , is a character in film Big Hero 6. The nationality of , is Americans. , stars Ryan Potter.
comics Character Bolt was created by comics Gary Cohn. , was created by Ernie Colón. An alternative name for , is Larry Bolatinsky. The nationality of , is Puerto Ricans.
Eric Flint is the author of 1634: 1634: The Bavarian Crisis. , was preceded by Grantville Gazette III. , was preceded by De Marce short stories in the The Grantville Gazettes. , was born in Burbank, California.
1634: The Ram Rebellion is available in E-book. , is 512 pages long. Eric Flint, Virginia De Marce, et al. is the author of 1634: ,. 1634: , can be located by it's ISBN number "978-1-1-4165-2060-0-4253-7".
journal AIDS is in the United Kingdom. , was published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. The leader of , is Elizabeth II. Wolters Kluwer is the parent company of ,.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is available in Hardcover. The OCLC number of , is 51969173. J. V. Jones is the author of 1634: ,. 1634: , can be located by it's ISBN number "978-1-0-7653-0633-6-4253-7".
Qiu Xiaolong is the author of 1634: A Loyal Character Dancer. The OCLC number of , is 49805501. 1634: , can be located by it's ISBN number "978-1-1-56947-301-3-4253-7". , is available in Hardcover.
The English language is spoken in A Loyal Character Dancer. , is in the United States. The , is spoken in Great Britain. Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in the ,.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press. , is in the United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the ,. The English language is spoken in ,.
A Wizard of Mars is available in Hardcover. , is 560 pages long. Diane Duane is the author of 1634: ,. 1634: , can be located by it's ISBN number "978-1-978-0-15-204770-2-4253-7".
83646315 is the LCCN number of ACM Acta Mathematica Hungarica. ACM , has the abbreviation of Acta Math. Hungar.. Inf. Syst. The academic discipline of , is Mathematics. The ISSN number of ACM , is 0236-5294-8188.
60040714 is the LCCN number of ACM Acta Palaeontologica Polonica. The academic discipline of , is Paleobiology. ACM , has the abbreviation of Acta Palaeontol. Pol.. Inf. Syst. The ISSN number of ACM , is 0567-7920-8188.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica was published by Polish Academy of Sciences. The ISSN number of ACM , is 1732-2421-8188. 60040714 is the LCCN number of ACM ,. ACM , has the abbreviation of Acta Palaeontol. Pol.. Inf. Syst.
Administrative Science Quarterly was published by Cornell University. , is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities. , is affiliated with the Association of American Universities. , is in New York.
Administrative Science Quarterly was published by Cornell University. , is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities. , is in New York. , is located in Ithaca, New York.
Aenir is 233 pages long. Garth Nix is the author of 1634: ,. 1634: , can be located by it's ISBN number "978-1-0-439-17684-0-4253-7". , is available in Paperback.
The English language is spoken in Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians. , is in the United States. The , is spoken in Great Britain. African Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
American Journal of Mathematics was published by Johns Hopkins University Press. AIDS (,) was first published in 1878. , is in the United States. Johns Hopkins University is the parent company of ,.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is in the United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the ,. The English language is spoken in ,. The , is spoken in Great Britain.
The English language is spoken in A Wizard of Mars. , is in the United States. The , is spoken in Great Britain. The leader of , is Barack Obama.
The English language is spoken in A Wizard of Mars. , is in the United States. The leader of , is Barack Obama. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
A Wizard of Mars is in the United States. The leader of , is Barack Obama. The English language is spoken in ,. The , is spoken in Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp is in the United States. The leader of , is Barack Obama. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the ,. The English language is spoken in ,.
The nationality of Alan Bean is United States. , was born in Wheeler, Texas. , spent minutes 100305.0 in space. , was chosen by NASA in 1963.
Alan Shepard served as a crew member of Apollo 14. , was awarded the United States Navy Distinguished Service Medal the United States Navy. , is operated by NASA. the , from the Navy is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal medal.
William Anders served as a crew member of Apollo 8. , was born in British Hong Kong. Frank Borman was a member of the crew on ,. Chris Patten served as a representative of ,.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. , served as a crew member of Apollo 11. Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963 is ,'s almaMater. , is Retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. , was chosen by NASA in 1963. , served as a crew member of Apollo 11. , was a Fighter pilot.
Buzz Aldrin served as a crew member of Apollo 11. ,'s full name was "Edwin Eugene Aldrin Jr.". , was awarded the 20 the United States Navy. , is operated by NASA.
Alan Shepard died in California. , was born in New Hampshire. , was awarded the United States Navy Distinguished Service Medal the United States Navy. the , from the Navy is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal medal.
Alan Shepard died in California. , was awarded the United States Navy Distinguished Service Medal the United States Navy. The Senator representing , was Dianne Feinstein. the , from the Navy is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal medal.
University of Texas at Austin is Elliot See's almaMater. , died in St. Louis. , was born in Dallas. The nationality of , is United States.
William Anders was a Fighter pilot. , served as a crew member of Apollo 8. , was chosen by NASA in 1963. , is operated by NASA.
AWH Engineering College is in the India. The , was established in 2001. , is located in Kuttikkattoor. The Ganges is a river in ,.
Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. , is in the India. The campus address for the , is: Soldenvanahalli, In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090. , is located in Belgaum.
Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore. Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar is the director of the ,. , is in the India. , is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The All India All India Council for Technical Education was proud to give the Technical Campus status to the Acharya Institute of Technology. Tennis is one of the sports offered at the ,. , is located in Mumbai. The sport , has a Governing Body called the International Tennis Federation.
1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia. , is in the Romania. , is part of Alba County. The capital of , is Bucharest.
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus. , is in the Denmark. , is governed by the Magistrate Council. The leader of , is Lars Løkke Rasmussen.
The academic staff at the AWH Engineering College number 250. , is in Kerala. , is located in Kuttikkattoor. The leader of , is Kochi.
1 Decembrie 1918 University is in the Romania. Germans of Romania are an ethnic group in the ,. The capital of , is Bucharest. The anthem of , is called Deșteaptă-te, române!.
1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia. , is in the Romania. The leader of , is Klaus Iohannis. The capital of , is Bucharest.
Amatriciana sauce is from the Lazio region. , is in the Italy. Tomato is an ingredient in ,. The main ingredient of , is Tomatoes, guanciale, cheese, olive oil.
Arrabbiata sauce is in the Italy. The capital of , is Rome. The leader of , is Pietro Grasso. The leader of , is Sergio Mattarella.
Arròs negre is in the Spain. The main ingredient of , is White rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers. , is from the Catalonia region. Cuttlefish is an ingredient in ,.
Arròs negre is in the Spain. The main ingredient of , is White rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers. , is from the Catalonia region. White rice is an ingredient in ,.
Arròs negre is in the Spain. , is from the Catalonia region. Spaniards are an ethnic group in the ,. The leader of , is Parliament of Catalonia.
Asam pedas is in the Malaysia. , is from the Sumatra region. Malaysian Malay are an ethnic group in the ,. Batak are an ethnic group in the ,.
Asam pedas is in the Malaysia. , is from the Sumatra region. Minangkabau people are an ethnic group in the ,. ethnic group Malays are an ethnic group in the ,.
Bacon Explosion is in the United States. The leader of , is Barack Obama. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the ,. The capital of , is Washington, D.C..
Bacon Explosion is in the United States. The leader of , is John Roberts. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the ,. The capital of , is Washington, D.C..
Ketchup is an ingredient in Bacon sandwich. BLT is a variation of ,. , is in the United Kingdom. Club sandwich is a variation of ,.
The main ingredient of Bacon sandwich is Bread and bacon, with a condiment, often ketchup or brown sauce. , is in the United Kingdom. An alternative name for , is Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, bacon muffin. Condiment is an ingredient in ,.
Baked Alaska is a Dessert. , is in the United States. Cookie is a variation of ,. African Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
The main ingredient of Baked Alaska is Meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding. , is from the Paris, New York or Hong Kong region. , is in the United States. Sponge cake is an ingredient in ,.
Baked Alaska is from the Hong Kong region. The main ingredient of , is Meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding. , is in the France, United States or China. Meringue is an ingredient in ,.
Baked Alaska is from the Hong Kong region. The main ingredient of , is Meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding. , is in the United States. Ice cream is an ingredient in ,.
Bakewell pudding is from the Derbyshire Dales region. Bakewell tart is a variation of ,. , is part of Derbyshire. Fruit preserves is an ingredient in ,.
Tapioca is an ingredient in Bakso. , is in the Indonesia. The main ingredient of , is Ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables, fried shallots. , is from the Nationwide in Indonesia, also popular in neighboring Southeast Asian countries region.
Bakso is in the Indonesia. Noodle is an ingredient in ,. The main ingredient of , is Ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables, fried shallots.
Kidney bean is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa. The main ingredient of , is patacones red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain morcilla , chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding , avocado and lemon. , is from the Paisa Region region. , is in the Colombian cuisine.
The main ingredient of Bandeja paisa is patacones red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain morcilla , chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding , avocado and lemon. , is from the Paisa Region region. , is in the Colombian cuisine. Hogao is an ingredient in ,.
Barny Cakes is in the France. The French language is spoken in ,. The leader of , is Gérard Larcher. The leader of , is François Hollande.
Batagor is in the Indonesia. Siomay is a variation of ,. Shumai is a variation of ,. Shiitake is an ingredient in ,.
Batchoy is in the Philippines. The main ingredient of , is noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, beef. Pork is an ingredient in ,. , is from the La Paz, Iloilo City region.
Chicken is an ingredient in Batchoy. , is in the Philippines. , is a Soup. The main ingredient of , is noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, beef.
Beef kway teow is in the Singapore. The main ingredient of , is Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil. , is from the Nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia region. Sesame oil is an ingredient in ,.
Beef kway teow is from the Singapore region. , is in the Singapore and Indonesia. The Standard Chinese is spoken in ,. The leader of , is Halimah Yacob.
Beef kway teow is from the Singapore region. The main ingredient of , is Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil. , is in the Indonesia. Sesame oil is an ingredient in ,.
Bhajji is in the India. , is from the Karnataka region. An alternative name for , is Bhaji, bajji. Vegetable is an ingredient in ,.
Bhajji is from the Karnataka region. The main ingredient of , is Gram flour, vegetables. An alternative name for , is Bhaji, bajji. Vegetable is an ingredient in ,.
Sweet potato is an ingredient in Binignit. The main ingredient of , is Sago. , belongs to the division of Flowering plant. , is of the order Solanales.
Binignit is from the Visayas region. The main ingredient of , is Coconut milk. , is in the Philippines. Sago is an ingredient in ,.
Bionico is in the Mexico. , is a Dessert. , is from the Jalisco region. Granola is an ingredient in ,.
Bionico is in the Mexico. The main ingredient of , is Chopped Fruits, Sour Cream, Condensed Milk, Granola, Shredded Coconut, Raisins. , is from the Guadalajara region. Sour cream is an ingredient in ,.
Bionico is in the Mexico. , is a Dessert. The leader of , is Silvano Aureoles Conejo. Cookie is a variation of ,.
Bakso is in the Indonesia. Tapioca is an ingredient in ,. The leader of , is Jusuf Kalla.
Ayam penyet is from the Singapore region. , is in the Java. The leader of , is Tony Tan. Baduy are an ethnic group in the ,.
Batchoy is in the Philippines. Ilocano people are an ethnic group in the ,. Zamboangans are an ethnic group in the ,. The Philippine Spanish is spoken in ,.
Batchoy is in the Philippines. The Arabic is spoken in ,. Zamboangans are an ethnic group in the ,. Igorot people are an ethnic group in the ,.
Binignit is a Dessert. , is in the Philippines. Cookie is a variation of ,. The Philippine English is spoken in ,.
Binignit is a Dessert. , is in the Philippines. confectionery Sandesh is a variation of ,. The Philippine English is spoken in ,.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was followed by Ring of Fire II. , was preceded by Grantville Gazette II. Virginia De Marce and Eric Flint is the author of 1634: ,. The English language is spoken in ,. , was preceded by The Grantville Gazette.
Administrative Science Quarterly was published by Cornell University. , is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities. , is affiliated with the Association of American Universities. The president of , is Elizabeth Garrett. , is located in Ithaca, New York.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press. , is in the United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in the ,. The English language is spoken in ,. The , is spoken in Great Britain.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press. , is in the United States. Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in the ,. The English language is spoken in ,. The , is spoken in Great Britain.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press. , is in the United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the ,. The English language is spoken in ,. The , is spoken in Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp is in the United States. The English language is spoken in ,. The capital of , is Washington, D.C.. Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in the ,. The , is spoken in Great Britain.
Above the Veil was followed by novel Into Battle. , was preceded by Aenir. , is in the Australians. , was followed by The Violet Keystone. , was preceded by novel Castle.
The English language is spoken in A Severed Wasp. , is in the United States. The , is spoken in Great Britain. The leader of , is Barack Obama. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
A Severed Wasp is in the United States. The leader of , is Barack Obama. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the ,. The English language is spoken in ,. The , is spoken in Great Britain.
1634: The Ram Rebellion is in the United States. , was preceded by 1634: The Galileo Affair. The leader of , is Barack Obama. The capital of , is Washington, D.C.. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
1634: The Ram Rebellion is in the United States. The leader of , is Barack Obama. Americans are from ,. The capital of , is Washington, D.C.. African Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
A Wizard of Mars is in the United States. , is led by the President of the United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the ,. The English language is spoken in ,. The , is spoken in Great Britain.
Albany, Georgia is part of U.S. state Georgia. , is in the United States. , is led by the President of the United States. Americans are from ,. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
Alpharetta, Georgia is in the United States. , is part of U.S. state Georgia. , is part of Fulton County, Georgia. Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in the ,. The largest city in , is Atlanta.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Texas. , is in Texas. , is in the United States. The capital of , is Washington, D.C.. The English language is spoken in ,.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Texas. , is in the United States. , is in Texas. The English language is spoken in ,. The capital of , is Austin, Texas.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Texas. , is in Texas. , is in the United States. The English language is spoken in ,. The capital of , is Austin, Texas.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Fall Creek Township, Madison County, Indiana. , is part of Anderson Township, Madison County, Indiana. The total population density of ,, Texas is inhabitants per square kilometre 523.9 km. The total area of , is square kilometres 107.43. , is in the United States.
Antioch, California is part of Contra Costa County, California. , is part of California. , is led by the California's 11th State Assembly district. , is part of San Francisco Bay Area. The English language is spoken in ,.
The land area, of Atlanta (New Mexico), is square kilometres 344.9. The total population density of ,, Texas is inhabitants per square kilometre 1299.0 km. The area code for , is 404. , is part of De Kalb County, Georgia. The total area of , is square kilometres 347.1.
Attica, Indiana is part of United States. The total area of , is square kilometres 4.14. ,, Indiana is located at 166.0 above sea level. , is part of Logan Township, Fountain County, Indiana. The total population density of ,, Texas is inhabitants per square kilometre 783.1 km.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama. , is in Alabama. , is in the United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in the ,. The capital of , is Washington, D.C..
Auburn, Washington is part of Pierce County, Washington. , is in the United States. , is part of King County, Washington. The total population density of ,, Texas is inhabitants per square kilometre 914.8 km. The total area of , is square kilometres 77.41.
Austin, Texas is part of Texas. , is part of Williamson County, Texas. The English language is spoken in ,. The largest city in , is Round Rock, Texas. Georgetown, Texas the county seat of ,, Texas.
Austin, Texas is part of Texas. , is part of Hays County, Texas. The largest city in , is Houston. The English language is spoken in ,. San Marcos, Texas the county seat of ,, Texas.
Austin, Texas is part of Texas. , is part of Hays County, Texas. The largest city in , is Houston. The Spanish language is spoken in ,. San Marcos, Texas the county seat of ,, Texas.
Alexandria, Indiana is part of Indiana. , is part of Madison County, Indiana. The capital of , is Indianapolis. , is in the United States. The English Americans is spoken in ,.
Arlington, Texas is part of Tarrant County, Texas. , is part of Texas. Fort Worth, Texas the county seat of ,, Texas. The Spanish language is spoken in ,. The largest city in , is Houston.
Arlington, Texas is part of Tarrant County, Texas. , is part of Texas. The largest city in , is Fort Worth, Texas. The capital of , is Austin, Texas. , is in the United States.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of New Jersey. , is in the United States. The capital of , is Washington, D.C.. White Americans are an ethnic group in the ,. The largest city in , is New York City.
Albany, Oregon is in the United States. , is part of Linn County, Oregon. Americans are from ,. The capital of , is Washington, D.C.. Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in the ,.
Albany, Oregon is part of Oregon. , is in the United States. Americans are from ,. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the ,. The capital of , is Washington, D.C..
Angola, Indiana is part of Steuben County, Indiana. , is in the United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in the ,. The English language is spoken in ,. Americans are from ,.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama. , is in the United States. , is in Alabama. Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in the ,. The capital of , is Washington, D.C..
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama. , is part of Alabama. Opelika, Alabama the county seat of ,, Texas. , is in the United States. Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in the ,.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of New Jersey. The largest city in , is Newark, New Jersey. The capital of , is Trenton, New Jersey. , is in the United States. Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in the ,.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is part of New Mexico. , is in the United States. The English language is spoken in ,. , is led by the President of the United States. The leader of , is Barack Obama.
Angola, Indiana is part of Steuben County, Indiana. , is in the United States. The English language is spoken in ,. Americans are from ,. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
Akron, Ohio is in the United States. , is part of Summit County, Ohio. The leader of , is Barack Obama. The capital of , is Washington, D.C.. Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in the ,.
Albany, Georgia is part of United States. , is led by the President of the United States. Americans are from ,. African Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in the United States. , is located in Seminary Ridge. The , was established in 2000. The , falls under the category of Contributing property. The , is in the municipality of Gettysburg , Gettysburg, Pennsylvania.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument falls under the category of Contributing property. , is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. Carroll County, Maryland, Maryland is to the southwest of Adams County, ,. Adams County, , has Cumberland County, Pennsylvania, Pennsylvania to its north. Frederick County, Maryland, Maryland is to the southwest of Adams County, ,.
Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku in the Battle of Baku. , is located in Azerbaijan. The capital of , is Baku. , is led by the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan. The leader of , is Artur Rasizade.
Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku in the Battle of Baku. , is located in Azerbaijan. The capital of , is Baku. The leader of , is Artur Rasizade. The Azerbaijan National Assembly the legislature of ,.
İzmir Atatürk Monument is located in Turkey. , is led by the President of Turkey. The leader of , is Ahmet Davutoğlu. The capital of , is Ankara. The largest city in , is Istanbul.
The AWH Engineering College was established in 2001. The academic staff at the , number 250. , is in Kerala. , is located in Kuttikkattoor. Mahé, India, Maryland is to the southwest of Adams County, ,.
Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore. Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar is the director of the ,. The number of post graduate students at the , is about 700. The campus address for the , is: Soldenvanahalli, In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090. , is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The president of Acharya Institute of Technology is B.M. Reddy. , is located in Bangalore. , is in the India. The number of post graduate students at the , is about 700. , is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is in the Denmark. , is affiliated with the European University Association. , is led by the Monarchy of Denmark. The leader of , is Lars Løkke Rasmussen. The headquarters of the , is in Brussels.
AWH Engineering College is in the India. The , was established in 2001. The academic staff at the , number 250. , is located in Kuttikkattoor. The largest city in , is Mumbai.
AWH Engineering College is in the India. , is in Kerala. The largest city in , is Mumbai. The Ganges is a river in ,. The leader of , is Kochi.
The academic staff at the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University number 737. , is located in Aarhus. , is in the Denmark. The , was established in 1928. The leader of , is Lars Løkke Rasmussen.
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus. , is affiliated with the European University Association. , has to its northeast Mols. , is governed by the Magistrate Council. The headquarters of the , is in Brussels.
Baymax was created by Duncan Rouleau. , was created by Steven T. Seagle. , is a character in film Big Hero 6. The nationality of , is Americans. , stars Alan Tudyk.
The manager of A.C. Lumezzane is Michele Marcolini. ,'s ground is in Italy. , plays for F.C. Bari 1908. , plays for Vicenza Calcio. The leader of , is Pietro Grasso.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is footballer Stuart Parker. ,'s ground is in Blackpool. , plays for Chesterfield F.C.. , plays for Stockport County F.C.. The leader of , is UK Labour Party.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 play in Serie D ,'s ground is in Italy. S.S. Robur Siena are the champions of , The leader of , is Sergio Mattarella. The Italian language is spoken in ,.
The manager of AEK Athens F.C. is Gus Poyet. ,'s ground is in Athens Olympic Stadium. , plays for Real Zaragoza. , plays for Chelsea F.C.. , is located in Marousi.
A.S. Gubbio 1910's ground is in Italy. The leader of , is Pietro Grasso. Italians are from ,. The capital of , is Rome. The Italian language is spoken in ,.
A.S. Gubbio 1910's ground is in Italy. French is the official Italian language of ,. Italians are from ,. The capital of , is Rome. The leader of , is Sergio Mattarella.
Arem-arem is in the Indonesia. , is from the Nationwide in Indonesia, but more specific to Java region. The leader of , is Jusuf Kalla. The currency of , is the Indonesian rupiah. The Indonesian language is spoken in ,.
Asam pedas is in the Malaysia. , is from the Sumatra and Malay Peninsula region. Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group in the ,. Malaysian Malay are an ethnic group in the ,. The capital of , is Kuala Lumpur.
Asam pedas is in the Malaysia. , is from the Sumatra and Malay Peninsula region. Malaysian Malay are an ethnic group in the ,. The capital of , is Kuala Lumpur. Malaysian Indian are an ethnic group in the ,.
Asam pedas is in the Malaysia. , is from the Sumatra region. Malaysian Malay are an ethnic group in the ,. The capital of , is Kuala Lumpur. Malaysian Indian are an ethnic group in the ,.
Asam pedas is in the Malaysia. , is from the Malay Peninsula region. Malaysian Malay are an ethnic group in the ,. The leader of , is Abu Zahar Ujang. Malaysian Indian are an ethnic group in the ,.
Bacon Explosion is in the United States. The main ingredient of , is Bacon,sausage. Bacon is an ingredient in ,. , is from the Kansas City metropolitan area region. The main ingredient of , is Sausage.
Bacon Explosion is in the United States. White Americans are an ethnic group in the ,. The leader of , is Paul Ryan. The capital of , is Washington, D.C.. The English language is spoken in ,.
BLT is a variation of Bacon sandwich. The main ingredient of , is Bread and bacon, with a condiment, often ketchup or brown sauce. , is in the United Kingdom. Ketchup is an ingredient in ,. An alternative name for , is Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, bacon muffin.
Baked Alaska is in the France. , is from the Hong Kong region. The leader of , is Manuel Valls. The leader of , is Gérard Larcher. The French language is spoken in ,.
Lemon is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa. , is from the Antioquia Department region. , is of the order Rosids. , is part of the Rutaceae family. , is in the Colombia.
Barny Cakes is in the France. Sponge cake is an ingredient in ,. The leader of , is Gérard Larcher. The French language is spoken in ,. The leader of , is François Hollande.
Batagor is in the Indonesia. Siomay is a variation of ,. Shumai is a variation of ,. The leader of , is Joko Widodo. Peanut sauce is an ingredient in ,.
Batagor is in the Indonesia. Siomay is a variation of ,. The leader of , is Joko Widodo. Shumai is a variation of ,. Shiitake is an ingredient in ,.
Batagor is in the Indonesia. Shumai is a variation of ,. Siomay is a variation of ,. The leader of , is Jusuf Kalla. Shiitake is an ingredient in ,.
Bhajji is in the India. , is from the Karnataka region. The main ingredient of , is Gram flour, vegetables. An alternative name for , is Bhaji, bajji. Gram flour is an ingredient in ,.
Bhajji is in the India. , is from the Karnataka region. Indian people are from ,. The leader of , is T. S. Thakur. The leader of , is Vajubhai Vala.
Bhajji is in the India. , is from the Karnataka region. Indian people are from ,. The leader of , is T. S. Thakur. The leader of , is Sumitra Mahajan.
Bionico is in the Mexico. , is a Dessert. The main ingredient of , is Chopped Fruits, Sour Cream, Condensed Milk, Granola, Shredded Coconut, Raisins. , is from the Guadalajara region. Sour cream is an ingredient in ,.
Bionico is in the Mexico. Honey is a variation of ,. , is a Dessert. The Spanish language is spoken in ,. The leader of , is Enrique Peña Nieto.
Bionico is in the Mexico. , is from the Jalisco region. Honey is a variation of ,. , is a Dessert. The leader of , is Silvano Aureoles Conejo.
Arròs negre is in the Spain. , is from the Catalonia region. Spaniards are an ethnic group in the ,. The leader of , is Felipe VI of Spain. The leader of , is Carles Puigdemont.
Amatriciana sauce is in the Italy. The capital of , is Rome. The leader of , is Matteo Renzi. The leader of , is Laura Boldrini. The Italian language is spoken in ,.
Amatriciana sauce is in the Italy. Italians are from ,. The capital of , is Rome. The leader of , is Sergio Mattarella. The leader of , is Laura Boldrini.
Amatriciana sauce is in the Italy. The leader of , is Pietro Grasso. The capital of , is Rome. The leader of , is Matteo Renzi. The Italian language is spoken in ,.
Fried chicken is an ingredient in Ayam penyet. , is from the Nationwide, also can be found in Malaysia and Singapore region. , is in the Java. The main ingredient of , is Chicken. Javanese people are an ethnic group in the ,.
Ayam penyet is from the Singapore region. , is in the Java. The English language is spoken in ,. The leader of , is Tony Tan. Javanese people are an ethnic group in the ,.
Batchoy is in the Philippines. The Arabic is spoken in ,. Zamboangans are an ethnic group in the ,. The Philippine Spanish is spoken in ,. Chinese Filipino are an ethnic group in the ,.
Ajoblanco is from the Andalusia region. , is in the Spain. The leader of , is Susana Díaz. The Spanish language is spoken in ,. Spaniards are an ethnic group in the ,.
Ajoblanco is from the Andalusia region. , is in the Spain. The leader of , is Susana Díaz. The leader of , is Felipe VI of Spain. Spaniards are from ,.
The nationality of Alan Bean is United States. , was a Test pilot. , was born in Wheeler, Texas. , was chosen by NASA in 1963. , is Retired.
Alan Shepard served as a crew member of Apollo 14. , was born in New Hampshire. , was awarded the United States Navy Distinguished Service Medal the United States Navy. , is operated by NASA. the , from the Navy is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal medal.
William Anders served as a crew member of Apollo 8. The nationality of , is United States. , was born in British Hong Kong. , was commanded by Frank Borman. , is operated by NASA.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. The nationality of , is United States. , served as a crew member of Apollo 11. , was a Fighter pilot. , was born on the 15th of March 1930-01-20.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. , served as a crew member of Apollo 11. The nationality of , is United States. , was a Fighter pilot. , is operated by NASA.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. , served as a crew member of Apollo 11. , was a Fighter pilot. Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963 is ,'s almaMater. , is Retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. , served as a crew member of Apollo 11. , is Retired. ,'s backup pilot was William Anders. , is operated by NASA.
Buzz Aldrin served as a crew member of Apollo 11. , is Retired. , was born on the 15th of March 1930-01-20. ,'s backup pilot was William Anders. , is operated by NASA.
Alan Shepard served as a crew member of Apollo 14. , died in California. , is operated by NASA. , gemstone Benitoite The Senator representing , was Dianne Feinstein.
The nationality of Alan Shepard is United States. , died in California. , was born in New Hampshire. , was awarded the United States Navy Distinguished Service Medal the United States Navy. the , from the Navy is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal medal.
William Anders retired in 1969-09-01. The nationality of , is United States. , was a Fighter pilot. , was born in British Hong Kong. , served as a crew member of Apollo 8.
Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup. , is in the Denmark. , is part of Central Denmark Region. The leader of , is Margrethe II of Denmark. The Faroese language is spoken in ,.
The runway length of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is 4100.0. , is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas. , is 610.0 metres above sea level. , is operated by the ENAIRE. 14L/32R is the runway name of ,.
Agra Airport is located in India. The runway length of , is 1818.0. , is operated by the Indian Air Force. , is 167.94 metres above sea level. The ICAO Location Identifier of , is VIAG.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force. , is located in Iraq. The runway length of , is 3990.0. The ICAO Location Identifier of , is ORAA. 08/26 is the runway name of ,.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force. The runway length of , is 3992.88. , is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq. The ICAO Location Identifier of , is ORAA. 08/26 is the runway name of ,.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force. The Lockheed AC-130 can be found on , aircraft carriers. The transport aircraft for the , is the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III. , aircraft fighter is General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon Falcon. One of the noted , battles was the 1986 United States bombing of Libya.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force. One of the noted , battles was the Invasion of Grenada. The Lockheed AC-130 can be found on , aircraft carriers. The transport aircraft for the , is the Lockheed C-130 Hercules. One of the noted , battles was the Operation Enduring Freedom.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae. The runway length of , is 733.0. , serves the city of Alderney. , is 88.0 metres above sea level. 08/26 is the runway name of ,.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan. The runway length of , is 3310.0. , is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. , serves the city of Lahore. 18L/36R is the runway name of ,.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan. The runway length of , is 2900.0. , is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. , serves the city of Lahore. 18R/36L is the runway name of ,.
Alpena County Regional Airport is 210 metres above sea level. The runway length of , is 1533.0. , is located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan. , serves the city of Alpena, Michigan. , is in the United States.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan. The runway length of , is 1533.0. , serves the city of Alpena, Michigan. , is 210 metres above sea level. 7/25 is the runway name of ,.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan. The runway length of , is 2744.0. , serves the city of Alpena, Michigan. , is 210 metres above sea level. 1/19 is the runway name of ,.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan. , is 210 metres above sea level. The runway length of , is 1533.0. , serves the city of Alpena, Michigan. , is in the United States.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo. , serves the city of Luanda. , is 159 metres above sea level. 05L/23R is the runway name of ,. The runway length of , is 3800.0.
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens. , is in the Greece. The leader of , is Alexis Tsipras. The Greek language is spoken in ,. The leader of , is Nikos Voutsis.
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens. , is in the Greece. The leader of , is Alexis Tsipras. The Greek language is spoken in ,. The leader of , is Prokopis Pavlopoulos.
Atlantic City International Airport serves the city of Atlantic City, New Jersey. , is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey. The leader of , is Don Guardian. , is part of New Jersey. , is in the United States.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp. , is in the Belgium. The leader of , is Philippe of Belgium. The leader of , is Charles Michel. The capital of , is City of Brussels.
The ICAO Location Identifier of Atlantic City International Airport is KACY. , is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey. , is part of New Jersey. , is in the United States. , is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid, New York. , serves the city of Saranac Lake, New York. , is part of New York. , is part of Harrietstown, New York. , is in the United States.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid, New York. , serves the city of Saranac Lake, New York. , is part of Harrietstown, New York. , is part of Essex County, New York. , is in the United States.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh. , is operated by the Indian Air Force. , is part of Awadh. , is part of Bundelkhand. , has an aircraft-capable helicopter known as the HAL Light Combat Helicopter.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh. , is operated by the Indian Air Force. The leader of , is Ram Naik. , is part of Bundelkhand. , has an aircraft-capable helicopter known as the HAL Light Combat Helicopter.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah. , is in the Iraq. The leader of , is Haider al-Abadi. The leader of , is Fuad Masum. The Arabic is spoken in ,.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland. , was completed in 1985. , is part of Cuyahoga County, Ohio. , is part of Ohio. , is in the United States.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo, New York. The Postmodern architecture style of the , is Georgian. The construction of , began in January, 2014. , has a floor area of square metres 30843.8. There are 12 floors at ,.
300 North La Salle is located in Chicago. The leader of , is Rahm Emanuel. , is in the United States. , is part of Illinois. The capital of , is Springfield, Illinois.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Denmark. Marriott International is the tenant of AC ,. The Faroese language is spoken in ,. The leader of , is Margrethe II of Denmark. , was founded in Washington, D.C., D.C.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Denmark. Marriott International is the tenant of AC ,. The Greenlandic language is spoken in ,. , was founded in Washington, D.C., D.C. Bill Marriott is the key person for ,.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Denmark. Marriott International is the tenant of AC ,. The leader of , is Lars Løkke Rasmussen. The Greenlandic language is spoken in ,. , was founded in Washington, D.C., D.C.
Adare Manor is in the Republic of Ireland. The architect of , is Augustus Pugin. The leader of , is Enda Kenny. One of the significant buildings designed by , is the Palace of Westminster. , was born in Bloomsbury.
Addis Ababa City Hall was completed in 1964. The Government of Addis Ababa is the current tenant of the ,. The construction of , began in 1961. , has a floor area of square metres 140000.0. The height of , is 42 m.
Akita Museum of Art is in the Japan. There are 3 floors at ,. , is located in Akita, Akita. , is located in Akita Prefecture. The address of , is 1-4-2 Nakadori.
Akita Museum of Art is in the Japan. , is located in Akita, Akita. The leader of , is Tarō Asō. Chinese people in Japan are an ethnic group in the ,. , is part of Akita Prefecture.
Alan B. Miller Hall is located in Virginia. The architect of , is Robert A. M. Stern. College of William & Mary is the owner of ,. The Mason School of Business is the current tenant of the ,. , is in the United States.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad. , is located in Gujarat. , is in the India. , is led by the Gujarat Legislative Assembly. The leader of , is Sumitra Mahajan.
Ampara Hospital is in the Sri Lanka. , is in Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. , is from the Ampara District region. The leader of , is Ranil Wickremesinghe. The leader of , is Austin Fernando.
Ampara Hospital is in the Sri Lanka. , is in Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. The leader of , is Ranil Wickremesinghe. The capital of , is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte. ,'s governing body is Eastern Provincial Council.
The architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds is Julia Morgan. , was born in San Francisco. One of the significant buildings designed by , is the Los Angeles Herald-Examiner. Hearst Castle was a significant project of ,. One of the significant buildings designed by , is the Asilomar State Beach.
The architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds is Julia Morgan. , was born in San Francisco. One of the significant buildings designed by , is the Riverside Art Museum. Hearst Castle was a significant project of ,. One of the significant buildings designed by , is the Asilomar State Beach.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City. , is in the United States. , is part of Manhattan. , is part of New Netherland. The leader of , is Cyrus Vance, Jr..
The architect of 103 Colmore Row is John Madin. , was born in Birmingham. Antioch, , has postal codes B postcode area. The leader of , is Labour politician John Clancy. ,'s governing body is Birmingham City Council.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in United States. The capital of , is Washington, D.C.. , is led by the President of the United States. The leader of , is John Roberts. The leader of , is Barack Obama.
11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in the United States. , is located in Seminary Ridge. , is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. , is in Pennsylvania. The , was established in 2000. The , falls under the category of Contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument falls under the category of Contributing property. , is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. , is East of Franklin County, Pennsylvania, Pennsylvania. Carroll County, Maryland, Maryland is to the southwest of Adams County, ,. Adams County, , has Cumberland County, Pennsylvania, Pennsylvania to its north. Frederick County, Maryland, Maryland is to the southwest of Adams County, ,.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is made from Red granite and white marble. ,' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku in the Battle of Baku. , is located in Azerbaijan. The , was designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner. The leader of , is Artur Rasizade. The capital of , is Baku.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is made from Red granite and white marble. ,' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku in the Battle of Baku. , is located in Azerbaijan. Türk Şehitleri Anıtı is the native name of ,. The , was designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner. The leader of , is Artur Rasizade.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established in 1907-07-11. , is in the United States. The , falls under the category of Historic districts in the United States. The 14th New , is located in the district of the Monocacy National Battlefield. , is in Maryland. , is located in Frederick County, Maryland.
The nationality of Alan Bean is United States. , was a Test pilot. , was born on the 15th of March 1932-03-15. , was born in Wheeler, Texas. , spent minutes 100305.0 in space. , is Retired.
Alan Shepard served as a crew member of Apollo 14. , died in California. , was born in New Hampshire. , was awarded the United States Navy Distinguished Service Medal the United States Navy. , is operated by NASA. the , from the Navy is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal medal.
Alan Bean served as a crew member of Apollo 12. , retired in June 1981. ,'s full name was "Alan La Vern Bean". ,'s backup pilot was Alfred Worden. , is operated by NASA. , was commanded by David Scott.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. The nationality of , is United States. , was chosen by NASA in 1963. , served as a crew member of Apollo 11. , was a Fighter pilot. Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963 is ,'s almaMater.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. , served as a crew member of Apollo 11. , was born on the 15th of March 1930-01-20. Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963 is ,'s almaMater. ,'s backup pilot was William Anders. , is operated by NASA.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. , served as a crew member of Apollo 11. The nationality of , is United States. , was a Fighter pilot. ,'s backup pilot was William Anders. , is operated by NASA.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. , was chosen by NASA in 1963. , served as a crew member of Apollo 11. , was a Fighter pilot. Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963 is ,'s almaMater. , was born on the 15th of March 1930-01-20.
Alan Shepard died in California. , was awarded the United States Navy Distinguished Service Medal the United States Navy. , gemstone Benitoite Smilodon is a fossil from ,. The Senator representing , was Dianne Feinstein. the , from the Navy is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal medal.
William Anders retired in 1969-09-01. The nationality of , is United States. , was a Fighter pilot. , was born in British Hong Kong. , served as a crew member of Apollo 8. AFIT, M.S. 1962 is ,'s almaMater.
William Anders retired in 1969-09-01. , served as a crew member of Apollo 8. , was born in British Hong Kong. ,'s backup pilot was Buzz Aldrin. Frank Borman was a member of the crew on ,. , is operated by NASA.
William Anders served as a crew member of Apollo 8. AFIT, M.S. 1962 is ,'s almaMater. , is Retired. ,'s backup pilot was Buzz Aldrin. Frank Borman was a member of the crew on ,. , is operated by NASA.
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is in the Switzerland. The dean of the , Mendrisio is Mario Botta. , is located in Mendrisio. The , was established in 1996. The academic staff at the , number 100. , is located in Ticino.
Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore. , is in Karnataka. , is in the India. The number of post graduate students at the , is about 700. The campus address for the , is: Soldenvanahalli, In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090. , is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The president of Acharya Institute of Technology is B.M. Reddy. , is located in Bangalore. The , was established in 2000. , is in the India. The campus address for the , is: Soldenvanahalli, In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090. , is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is in the Denmark. , is affiliated with the European University Association. The leader of , is Lars Løkke Rasmussen. , is led by the Monarchy of Denmark. In , the main religion is the Church of Denmark. The headquarters of the , is in Brussels.
The dean of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University Mendrisio is Thomas Pallesen. , is located in Aarhus. , is in the Denmark. , is affiliated with the European University Association. The leader of , is Lars Løkke Rasmussen. The headquarters of the , is in Brussels.
AWH Engineering College is in the India. The , was established in 2001. , is in Kerala. The largest city in , is Mumbai. The Ganges is a river in ,. The leader of , is Kochi.
1 Decembrie 1918 University is in the Romania. Germans of Romania are an ethnic group in the ,. The leader of , is Klaus Iohannis. The patron Saint of , is Andrew the Apostle. The capital of , is Bucharest. The anthem of , is called Deșteaptă-te, române!.
The academic staff at the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University number 737. , is located in Aarhus. There are 16000 students at the , Mendrisio. , is in the Denmark. The , was established in 1928. The leader of , is Lars Løkke Rasmussen.
The İzmir Atatürk Monument is made from Bronze. , was in augurated on 1932-07-27-10-02. , is located in Turkey. The leader of , is Ahmet Davutoğlu. The capital of , is Ankara. The largest city in , is Istanbul. The currency of , is the Turkish lira.
The İzmir Atatürk Monument was designed by Pietro Canonica. The , is made from Bronze. , was in augurated on 1932-07-27-10-02. , is located in Turkey. , is led by the President of Turkey. The leader of , is Ahmet Davutoğlu. The capital of , is Ankara.
İzmir Atatürk Monument was in augurated on 1932-07-27-10-02. , is located in Turkey. , is led by the President of Turkey. The leader of , is Ahmet Davutoğlu. The capital of , is Ankara. The largest city in , is Istanbul. The currency of , is the Turkish lira.
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is in the Switzerland. The dean of the , Mendrisio is Mario Botta. There are 600 students at the , Mendrisio. The , was established in 1996. The academic staff at the , number 100. , is located in Mendrisio. , is led by the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland.
The president of Acharya Institute of Technology is B.M. Reddy. , is located in Bangalore. Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar is the director of the ,. The , was established in 2000. ,'s motto is Nurturing Excellence. , is in the India. , is in Karnataka.
The All India All India Council for Technical Education was proud to give the Technical Campus status to the Acharya Institute of Technology. Tennis is one of the sports offered at the ,. , is in Karnataka. , is located in Mumbai. The sport , has a Governing Body called the International Tennis Federation. , has to its northeast Telangana. , is East of Arabian Sea, Pennsylvania.
1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia. , is in the Romania. Germans of Romania are an ethnic group in the ,. , is led by the Prime Minister of Romania. The leader of , is Klaus Iohannis. The capital of , is Bucharest. The anthem of , is called Deșteaptă-te, române!.
The academic staff at the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University number 737. The dean of the , Mendrisio is Thomas Pallesen. , is located in Aarhus. , is in the Denmark. , is affiliated with the European University Association. The , was established in 1928. The leader of , is Lars Løkke Rasmussen.
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus. , is in the Denmark. , is affiliated with the European University Association. , is governed by the Magistrate Council. , is led by the Monarchy of Denmark. The leader of , is Lars Løkke Rasmussen. The headquarters of the , is in Brussels.
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus. , is affiliated with the European University Association. The dean of the , Mendrisio is Thomas Pallesen. There are 16000 students at the , Mendrisio. , is in the Denmark. The Latin name of the , is "Universitas Aarhusiensis". The , was established in 1928.
The nationality of Alan Bean is United States. , was a Test pilot. , was born on the 15th of March 1932-03-15. UT Austin, B.S. 1955 is ,'s almaMater. , served as a crew member of Apollo 12. , was born in Wheeler, Texas. , is Retired.
Alan Shepard is Deceased. NWC, M.A. 1957 is ,'s almaMater. , died in California. , was a Test pilot. , was born in New Hampshire. , was chosen by NASA in 1959. , was born on the 15th of March 1923-11-18.
Alan Bean served as a crew member of Apollo 12. The nationality of , is United States. , was a Test pilot. , was born in Wheeler, Texas. ,'s backup pilot was Alfred Worden. , is operated by NASA. , was commanded by David Scott.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. Edwin E. Aldrin, Jr., Jr. was commonly known as ,. , was chosen by NASA in 1963. , served as a crew member of Apollo 11. , was a Fighter pilot. Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963 is ,'s almaMater. , was born on the 15th of March 1930-01-20.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. The nationality of , is United States. , spent minutes 52.0 in space. , served as a crew member of Apollo 11. , was a Fighter pilot. Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963 is ,'s almaMater. , was born on the 15th of March 1930-01-20.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. The nationality of , is United States. , served as a crew member of Apollo 11. , was awarded the 20 the United States Navy. Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963 is ,'s almaMater. , was born on the 15th of March 1930-01-20. , is Retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. , served as a crew member of Apollo 11. , is Retired. , was born on the 15th of March 1930-01-20. The nationality of , is United States. , was chosen by NASA in 1963. , is operated by NASA.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. , served as a crew member of Apollo 11. , is Retired. The nationality of , is United States. Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963 is ,'s almaMater. ,'s backup pilot was William Anders. , is operated by NASA.
William Anders retired in 1969-09-01. The nationality of , is United States. , is Retired. , was born on the 15th of March 1933-10-17. , was a Fighter pilot. , was born in British Hong Kong. , served as a crew member of Apollo 8.
William Anders retired in 1969-09-01. , served as a crew member of Apollo 8. The nationality of , is United States. , was born in British Hong Kong. ,'s backup pilot was Buzz Aldrin. Frank Borman was a member of the crew on ,. , is operated by NASA.
William Anders retired in 1969-09-01. , was chosen by NASA in 1963. , spent minutes 8820.0 in space. , was born on the 15th of March 1933-10-17. , was a Fighter pilot. , was born in British Hong Kong. , served as a crew member of Apollo 8.
Aaron S. Daggett won the Purple Heart.
One of the noted Aaron S. Daggett battles was the Battle of Mine Run.
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam, Netherlands.
Abdul Rahman Ya'kub in Office While Vice President Tuanku Bujang Tuanku Othman
Abdul Taib Mahmud Noord is part of Parti Bumiputera Sarawak.
Abdul Taib Mahmud successor Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taib
Abdulsalami Abubakar active Years End Date 1999-05-29
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Minna.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State.
Abner W. Sibal active Years End Date 1965-01-03
Abner W. Sibal died in Alexandria, Virginia.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent.
Adam Holloway resides in the Gravesend.
University of Adelaide is Adenan Satem's almaMater.
Adolf Schärf was born in Mikulov.
Adonis Georgiadis in Office While Prime Minister Antonis Samaras
Adonis Georgiadis office (worked At, worked As) Deputy Minister for Development, Competitiveness and Shipping
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf.
Agnes Ward White was born in Marietta, Ohio.
Airey Neave active Years Start Date 1953-06-30
Airey Neave won the Military Cross.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London.
Airey Neave military Rank Lieutenant colonel
Airey Neave service Start Year 1935
Albert B. White Noord is part of United States Republican Party.
Albert B. White spouse Agnes Ward White
Albert Jennings Fountain military Branch Union Army
The nationality of Alberto Teisaire is Argentina.
Alberto Teisaire profession Rear Admiral in the Argentine Navy
Alfons Gorbach died in Austria.
Alfred Moore Scales active Years Start Date 1875-03-04
One of the noted Alfred Moore Scales battles was the Battle of Chancellorsville.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Darien, Connecticut.
Alfred N. Phillips office (worked At, worked As) Mayor of Stamford, Connecticut
Allan Shivers active Years Start Date 1947-01-21
Allan Shivers military Branch United States Army
Allan Shivers successor Price Daniel
Alvah Sabin active Years Start Date 1853-03-04
Alvah Sabin Noord is part of United States Whig Party.
American Civil War was commanded by Robert E. Lee.
The Austrian German is spoken in Austria.
Battle of Antietam was commanded by Robert E. Lee.
Battle of Cold Harbor is Part Of Military Conflict American Civil War
The leader of Buenos Aires is Gabriela Michetti.
Gulf War was commanded by Colin Powell.
John F. Kennedy predecessor Dwight D. Eisenhower
University of Vienna is Josef Klaus's almaMater.
Juan Carlos I of Spain predecessor Francisco Franco
Juan Perón Noord is part of Argentina Labour Party.
The leader of Netherlands is Mark Rutte.
One of the noted United States Army battles was the Spanish–American War.
William M. O. Dawson was born in Bloomington, Maryland.
An alternative name for 1955 Dodge is Dodge Coronet.
1955 Dodge engine cubic inches 230
A-Rosa Luna christening Date 2005-04-07
AIDA Cruises is located in Rostock.
AIDAluna is operated by AIDA Cruises.
AIDAstella christening Date 2013-03-16
AIDAstella was completed in 2013-03-11.
AIDAstella maiden Voyage 2013-03-17
AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises.
ALV X-1 launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport
An alternative name for AMC Matador is American Motors Matador.
V-2 ARA Veinticinco de Mayo is Sold to the Netherlands 1 April 1948.
Abarth 1000 GT Coupé engine Straight-four engine
Acura TLX engine Honda K engine
Acura TLX layout vehicle AWD
Acura TLX related Mean Of Transportation Honda Accord
Acura TLX transmission V6 9-speed ZF 9HP automatic
Alfa Romeo 164 assembly Arese
Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Lancia Thema
Alfa Romeo 164 transmission ZF 4HP18QE 4-speed automatic
Alhambra builder Samuda Brothers
Alhambra ship Beam 8.3 m
Alhambra is Wrecked.
Alhambra top Speed 18.52
Alvis Speed 25 engine Straight-six engine
Alvis Speed 25 model Start Year 1937
American submarine NR-1 ship Draft 4.6 m
rocket Antares final Flight 2014-10-28
rocket Antares launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0
The leader of Argentina is Gabriela Michetti.
Ariane 5 launch Site Guiana Space Centre
Ariane 5 maiden Flight 2005-08-11
Aston Martin V8 body Style Convertible
Aston Martin V8 manufacturer Aston Martin
Aston Martin Virage manufacturer Aston Martin
Atlas II final Flight 1998-03-16
Atlas II launch Site Vandenberg Air Force Base
Audi was founded by John August Horch.
Audi A1 assembly Audi Brussels
Audi A1 related Mean Of Transportation SEAT Ibiza
Caterpillar Inc. is located in Peoria, Illinois.
Costa Crociere is located in Genoa.
De Soto Custom related Mean Of Transportation Chrysler Newport
Fiat Croma related Mean Of Transportation Alfa Romeo 164
Germans are from Germany.
The leader of Germany is Norbert Lammert.
The leader of Germany is Stanislaw Tillich.
Gruppo Bertone was founded by John Giovanni Bertone.
The headquarters of Guiana Space Centre are located in Kourou, French Guiana.
Honda K engine manufacturer Honda
The anthem of United States is called The Star-Spangled Banner.
Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in the United States.
Silvio Berlusconi is the chairman of A.C. Milan.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada.
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen.
Abel Hernández plays for Uruguay Olympic football team.
Abel Hernández plays for Uruguay national football team.
footballer Abner was born in Brazil.
Adam Maher was born in Diemen.
Adam Maher was born in Netherlands.
Adam Maher plays for Netherlands national under-17 football team.
Adam Maher plays for PSV Eindhoven.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Iraq national football team.
Akeem Adams was born in Point Fortin.
Akeem Dent former Team Atlanta Falcons
Akeem Priestley plays for Connecticut Huskies.
Al-Khor Sports Club play in Qatar Stars League
The manager of Al-Zawra'a SC is Basim Qasim.
Al Kharaitiyat SC position Qatar Stars League
Alaa Abdul-Zahra was born in Baghdad.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Sanat Mes Kerman F.C..
footballer Alan Martin plays for Hamilton Academical F.C..
footballer Alan Martin plays for Scotland national under-19 football team.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. was born on the 15th of March 1995-09-02.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. plays for Florida Panthers.
The height of Aleksander Barkov, Jr. is 1.905.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. play in National Hockey League
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on the 15th of March 1989-02-24.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Amkar Perm.
Aleksandre Guruli was born in Batumi.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Samtredia.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for Georgia national under-21 football team.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.S. Roma.
Alessio Romagnoli played youth football for A.S. Roma.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba.
Alex Tyus play in Turkish Basketball Super League
Atlanta Falcons is located in Atlanta.
Boston Bruins general Manager Don Sweeney
Budapest is in the Hungary.
The English language is spoken in Canada.
The Slavey language is spoken in Canada.
Columbus Blue Jackets is located in Columbus, Ohio.
The manager of FC Karpaty Lviv is Oleh Luzhny.
The manager of FC Torpedo Moscow is Valery Petrakov.
Gábor Kubatov is the chairman of Ferencvárosi TC.
The Finnish language is spoken in Finland.
Italy national under-16 football team coach Daniele Zoratto
Maccabi Ashdod B.C. coach Zvi Sherf
Motherwell F.C.'s ground is in Fir Park.
Jean-Michel Aulas is the owner of Olympique Lyonnais.
St. Louis Rams is located in St. Louis.
Tennessee Titans is located in Nashville, Tennessee.
Aaron Bertram active Years Start Year 1998
Aaron Deer associated Band/associated Musical Artist The Horns of Happiness
Aaron Deer record Label Kill Rock Stars
Alcatraz Aaron Turner is in the genre of Avant-garde metal.
Alcatraz Aaron Turner is in the genre of Progressive metal.
Abradab background solo singer
Abradab was born on the 15th of March 1978-11-12.
Abradab was born in Poland.
Alcatraz Abradab is in the genre of Hip hop music.
Alcatraz Agustín Barboza is in the genre of music Guarania.
Ahmet Ertegun was born in Istanbul, Turkey.
Alcatraz Alan Frew is in the genre of Rock music.
Albennie Jones associated Band/associated Musical Artist Sammy Price
Aleksandra Kovač background solo singer
Aleksandra Kovač was born in Yugoslavia.
Alcatraz Aleksandra Kovač is in the genre of Rhythm and blues.
Alcatraz Aleksandra Kovač is in the genre of Soul music.
Alcatraz Alex Day is in the genre of Synthpop.
Alfredo Zitarrosa associated Band/associated Musical Artist Héctor Numa Moraes
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Montevideo.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Uruguay.
Alfredo Zitarrosa record Label RCA Records
Alison O'Donnell active Years Start Year 1963
Alcatraz Alison O'Donnell is in the genre of Jazz.
Alison O'Donnell instrument Voice, bodhrán, percussion, autoharp
Allen Forrest was born on the 15th of March 1981-02-04.
Alcatraz Allen Forrest is in the genre of Pop music.
Alligator Records is located in Chicago.
Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Johnny Sansone
Alcatraz Anders Osborne is in the genre of Rhythm and blues.
Anders Osborne record Label Alligator Records
Alcatraz singer Andra is in the genre of Rhythm and blues.
Andrew Rayel active Years Start Year 2009
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Christian Burns
Andrew Rayel was born in Chișinău, Moldova.
musician Andrew White associated Band/associated Musical Artist Marry Banilow
musician Andrew White record Label B-Unique Records
Asunción is part of Gran Asunción.
Christian Burns instrument Guitar
Hip hop music music Subgenre Gangsta rap
Hip hop music stylistic Origin Funk
Indie rock stylistic Origin New wave music
Manchester is part of Greater Manchester.
Polydor Records is located in London.
RCA Records distributing Company Sony Music Entertainment
Rock and roll stylistic Origin Blues
Synthpop stylistic Origin Pop music
British people are from United Kingdom.
19255 1994 VK8 density gram Per Cubic Centimetres 2.0
29075 1950 DA discoverer Carl A. Wirtanen
410777 2009 FD absolute Magnitude 22.1
410777 2009 FD apoapsis kilometres 259776702.47055
66063 1998 RO1 apoapsis kilometres 254989570.60815
66063 1998 RO1 epoch 2013-11-04
1000 Piazzia escape Velocity kilometre Per Seconds 0.0252
1001 Gaussia was formerly called the 1923 OAA907 XC.
1001 Gaussia maximum Temperature kelvins 165.0
101 Helena apoapsis kilometres 441092000.0
101 Helena epoch 2006-12-31
101 Helena mass kilograms 3.0
1036 Ganymed average Speed kilometre Per Seconds 16.86
103 Hera absolute Magnitude 7.66
103 Hera mass kilograms 7.9
107 Camilla absolute Magnitude 7.08
107 Camilla discoverer A. Storrs
1089 Tama was formerly called the A894 VA; A904 VD;.
1089 Tama orbital Period days 1202.846
1097 Vicia average Speed kilometre Per Seconds 17.92
1097 Vicia epoch 2006-12-31
1097 Vicia rotation Period 95040.0
109 Felicitas discoverer Christian Heinrich Friedrich Peters
109 Felicitas periapsis 283326000000.0
10 Hygiea average Speed kilometre Per Seconds 16.76
1101 Clematis periapsis 445895000000.0
110 Lydia epoch 2006-12-31
11264 Claudiomaccone temperature kelvins 173.0
University of Michigan is James Craig Watson's almaMater.
N. R. Pogson was born in Nottingham.
Aaron S. Daggett won the Purple Heart. One of the noted , battles was the Battle of Fredericksburg.
One of the noted Aaron S. Daggett battles was the Battle of Gettysburg. , won the Purple Heart.
Abdul Taib Mahmud successor Abdul Rahman Ya'kub , has Deputy Stephen Yong Kuet Tze
Abdul Taib Mahmud Noord is part of Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. , was born in Kingdom of Sarawak.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Minna. Technical Institute, Kaduna is ,'s almaMater.
Abdulsalami Abubakar office (worked At, worked As) Nigeria Chief of the Defence Staff , was born in Niger State.
Abdulsalami Abubakar office (worked At, worked As) Nigeria Chief of the Defence Staff , successor Al-Amin Daggash
Abdulsalami Abubakar successor Olusegun Obasanjo , active Years End Date 1999-05-29
Abdulsalami Abubakar successor Olusegun Obasanjo , in Office While Vice President Mike Akhigbe
One of the noted Abner W. Sibal battles was the World War II. , was commanded by Joseph Stalin.
Abner W. Sibal military Branch United States Army One of the noted , battles was the Korean War.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent. Magdalene College, Cambridge is ,'s almaMater.
Adam Holloway resides in the Gravesend. , was born in Kent.
One of the noted Adam Koc battles was the World War I. , won the Virtuti Militari.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens. , office (worked At, worked As) Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Greece. , was born in Athens.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Greece. , office (worked At, worked As) Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf. , office (worked At, worked As) Parliamentary group leader
Airey Neave won the Military Cross. , unit Royal Artillery
One of the noted Airey Neave battles was the Battle of France. , active Years Start Date 1974-03-04
One of the noted Airey Neave battles was the Battle of France. , was commanded by Hugo Sperrle.
One of the noted Airey Neave battles was the World War II. , was born in Knightsbridge.
One of the noted Airey Neave battles was the World War II. , was commanded by Franklin D. Roosevelt.
One of the noted Airey Neave battles was the World War II. , was commanded by Joseph Stalin.
Albert B. White death Year 1941 , was born on the 15th of March 1856-09-22.
Albert B. White profession Politician , was born on the 15th of March 1856-09-22.
Albert Jennings Fountain died in Doña Ana County, New Mexico. , was born in New York City.
Albert Jennings Fountain in Office While Vice President Edmund J. Davis , died in New Mexico Territory.
Albert Jennings Fountain Noord is part of United States Republican Party. , was born in New York City.
Alberto Teisaire office (worked At, worked As) Provisional President of the Argentine Senate , successor Isaac Rojas
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria. , was born in Austria-Hungary.
Alfons Gorbach was born in state Tyrol. , was born in Austria.
Alfred Moore Scales office (worked At, worked As) Governor of North Carolina , successor politician James W. Reid
Alfred Moore Scales successor Daniel Gould Fowle Princeton University is ,'s almaMater.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Connecticut. , office (worked At, worked As) United States House of Representatives
Alfred N. Phillips military Branch United States Army One of the noted , battles was the American Civil War.
One of the noted Allan Shivers battles was the World War II. , was commanded by Joseph Stalin.
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas. , office (worked At, worked As) Port Arthur Member of the Texas State Senate from District 4
Allan Shivers office (worked At, worked As) Port Arthur Member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 , successor Ben Ramsey
Alvah Sabin was born on the 15th of March 1793-10-23. , office (worked At, worked As) Secretary of State of Vermont
Agnes Kant is in the Netherlands. The currency of , is the Euro.
Agnes Kant is in the Netherlands. The leader of , is Mark Rutte.
Albert B. White died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. , is in the United States.
Aaron Boogaard plays for Wichita Thunder. , was born in Saskatchewan.
Abel Hernández plays for Peñarol. The manager of , is Jorge Orosmán da Silva.
Abel Hernández plays for U.S. Città di Palermo. , plays for Peñarol.
Adam Maher plays for Netherlands national under-17 football team. , plays for AZ Alkmaar.
Adam Maher plays for PSV Eindhoven. , plays for Netherlands national under-17 football team.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Steel Azin F.C.. , plays for Al Shorta SC.
Akeem Adams plays for Ferencvárosi TC. The manager of , is Thomas Doll.
Akeem Adams plays for Trinidad and Tobago national football team. , plays for T&TEC Sports Club.
Akeem Ayers former Team New England Patriots , draft Pick 39
Akeem Ayers former Team Tennessee Titans , draft Pick 39
Akeem Dent birth Year 1987 , was born on the 15th of March 1987-09-27.
Akeem Priestley plays for Connecticut Huskies. , plays for Sheikh Russel KC.
Akeem Priestley plays for Ro PS. , plays for Sheikh Russel KC.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al-Khor Sports Club. ,'s ground is in Al Khor.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC. The manager of , is Amar Osim.
footballer Alan Martin plays for Hamilton Academical F.C.. , plays for Leeds United F.C..
footballer Alan Martin plays for Hamilton Academical F.C.. ,'s ground is in New Douglas Park.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. plays for Florida Panthers. , was born on the 15th of March 1995-09-02.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. plays for Florida Panthers. , was born in Tampere, Finland.
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow. The manager of , is Valery Petrakov.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow. , plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Tom Tomsk. , play in Russian Football National League
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv. , plays for FC Dinamo Batumi.
Alex Plante birth Year 1989 , was born in Manitoba.
Alex Tyus plays for Pallacanestro Cantù. , was born on the 15th of March 1988-01-08.
Alex Tyus play in Turkish Basketball Super League , plays for Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C..
Alex Plante was born in Brandon, Manitoba. The leader of , is Conservative Party of Canada.
Adam Mc Quaid was born in Canada. The anthem of , is called O Canada.
Adam Mc Quaid was born in Canada. The English language is spoken in ,.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Dinamo Batumi. The manager of , is Levan Khomeriki.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow. ,'s ground is in Otkrytiye Arena.
Akeem Priestley plays for Ro PS. , play in Veikkausliiga
Akeem Adams plays for United Petrotrin F.C.. ,'s ground is in Palo Seco Velodrome.
Alcatraz Aaron Deer is in the genre of Psychedelia. , instrument Guitar
Aaron Deer origin United States , origin Indiana
Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist band Twilight Alcatraz , is in the genre of Electroacoustic music.
Aaron Turner instrument Singing Alcatraz , is in the genre of Avant-garde metal.
Abradab associated Band/associated Musical Artist rapper Magik , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kaliber 44
Abradab was born on the 15th of March 1978-11-12. , was born in Katowice.
Abradab was born in Katowice. , was born in Poland.
Alcatraz Ace Wilder is in the genre of Hip hop music. , stylistic Origin Disco
Ace Wilder record Label Warner Music Group , background solo singer
Agustín Barboza was born in Paraguay. , record Label Philips Records
Alcatraz Alan Frew is in the genre of Rock music. , music Fusion Genre music Bhangra
Alcatraz Alan Frew is in the genre of Rock music. , stylistic Origin Country music
Alcatraz Albennie Jones is in the genre of Jazz. , stylistic Origin Blues
Alcatraz Aleksandra Kovač is in the genre of Pop music. , background solo singer
Alcatraz Aleksandra Kovač is in the genre of Rhythm and blues. , stylistic Origin Blues
Alcatraz Aleksandra Kovač is in the genre of Soul music. , active Years Start Year 1990
Alcatraz Alex Day is in the genre of Synthpop. , stylistic Origin New wave music
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England. , birth Year 1872
Alfredo Zitarrosa background solo singer Alcatraz , is in the genre of music Milonga.
Alfredo Zitarrosa background solo singer Alcatraz , is in the genre of Taquirari.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay. , died in Montevideo.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Uruguay. , was born in Montevideo.
Alcatraz Alfredo Zitarrosa is in the genre of artform Zamba. , background solo singer
Alison O'Donnell associated Band/associated Musical Artist Plastik Mak , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Bajik
Alcatraz Alison O'Donnell is in the genre of Folk rock. , record Label Floating World Records
Alcatraz Alison O'Donnell is in the genre of Jazz. , instrument Voice, bodhrán, percussion, autoharp
Alcatraz Allen Forrest is in the genre of Hip hop music. , background solo singer
Alcatraz musician Andrew White is in the genre of Alternative rock. , music Subgenre Christian alternative rock
Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Phil Lesh and Friends , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Tab Benoit
Alcatraz Anders Osborne is in the genre of Rhythm and blues. , record Label Rabadash Records
Alcatraz Anders Osborne is in the genre of Rhythm and blues. , record Label Shanachie Records
Alcatraz singer Andra is in the genre of Pop music. , active Years Start Year 2000
Alcatraz singer Andra is in the genre of Rhythm and blues. , stylistic Origin Blues
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Christian Burns , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Jonathan Mendelsohn
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Jonathan Mendelsohn , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Mark Sixma
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Jwaydan Moyine , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Armin van Buuren
Alcatraz musician Andrew White is in the genre of Alternative rock. , stylistic Origin New wave music
Alcatraz NRBQ band Al Anderson is in the genre of Country music. , instrument Banjo
musician Andrew White record Label Polydor Records , is located in London.
19255 1994 VK8 escape Velocity kilometre Per Seconds 0.0925 , apoapsis kilometres 6603633000.0
410777 2009 FD apoapsis kilometres 259776702.47055 , minimum Temperature kelvins 211.0
410777 2009 FD periapsis 88234300000.0 , discoverer Spacewatch
66063 1998 RO1 epoch 2013-11-04 , escape Velocity kilometre Per Seconds 0.0999
66391 1999 KW4 epoch 2004-07-14 , orbital Period 16244700.0
66391 1999 KW4 epoch 2004-07-14 , rotation Period 9953.28
101 Helena discoverer James Craig Watson , death Cause Peritonitis
1036 Ganymed average Speed kilometre Per Seconds 16.86 , apoapsis kilometres 611961000.0
1036 Ganymed discoverer Walter Baade , was born in German Empire.
1036 Ganymed discoverer Walter Baade The nationality of , is Germany.
103 Hera discoverer James Craig Watson , death Cause Peritonitis
103 Hera discoverer James Craig Watson The nationality of , is Canada.
107 Camilla discoverer N. R. Pogson , was born in Nottingham.
1089 Tama epoch 2005-11-26 , was formerly called the A919 HA; 1927 WB;.
1089 Tama temperature kelvins 179.0 , apoapsis kilometres 373513000.0
1097 Vicia epoch 2006-12-31 , periapsis 279142000000.0
109 Felicitas apoapsis kilometres 523329000.0 , temperature kelvins 170.0
109 Felicitas epoch 2006-12-31 , periapsis 283326000000.0
109 Felicitas rotation Period 47487.6 , epoch 2006-12-31
10 Hygiea apoapsis kilometres 523951582.33968 , temperature kelvins 164.0
10 Hygiea was formerly called the A900 GA. , epoch 2015-06-27
110 Lydia epoch 2006-12-31 , mass kilograms 6.7
110 Lydia epoch 2006-12-31 , orbital Period 142603000.0
A-Rosa Luna ship Class Cruise ship , length millimetres 125800.0
A-Rosa Luna ship Ordered 2004-01-22 , length millimetres 125800.0
AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises. , is located in Germany.
AIDAluna is operated by AIDA Cruises. , is located in Rostock.
AIDAluna top Speed 40.744 , length millimetres 252000.0
AIDAstella christening Date 2013-03-16 , length millimetres 253260.0
ALCO RS-3 builder Montreal Locomotive Works , power Type Diesel-electric transmission
ALV X-1 diameter metres 1.524 , rocket Stages 2
AMC Matador assembly Kenosha, Wisconsin , model Years 1974
The AMC Matador was designed by Richard A. Teague. , employer Chrysler
V-2 ARA Veinticinco de Mayo length millimetres 192000.0 , is in the Argentina.
Alfa Romeo 164 assembly Milan , related Mean Of Transportation Saab 9000
Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Fiat Croma , assembly Italy
Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Lancia Thema , assembly Italy
Alvis Speed 25 manufacturer Alvis Car and Engineering Company , is located in Coventry.
Alvis Speed 25 transmission single plate clutch, separate 4-speed gearbox all-silent and all-syncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle , engine cubic Centimetres 4387.0
Alvis Speed 25 transmission single plate clutch, separate 4-speed gearbox all-silent and all-syncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle , engine Straight-six engine
AMC Matador manufacturer American Motors , successor automobile Eagle
rocket Antares maiden Flight 2014-01-09 , launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport
V-2 ARA Veinticinco de Mayo is in the Argentina. The leader of , is Gabriela Michetti.
Ariane 5 launch Site ELA-3 , manufacturer Airbus Defence and Space
Ariane 5 manufacturer Airbus Defence and Space Airbus Group is the parent company of ,.
Aston Martin V8 assembly United Kingdom , related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin RHAM/1
Aston Martin V8 manufacturer Aston Martin , successor Aston Martin Virage
Aston Martin V8 related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin DBS , successor Aston Martin Virage
Aston Martin V8 successor Aston Martin Virage , manufacturer Aston Martin
Atlas II final Flight 1998-03-16 , diameter 3.04 m
Atlas II launch Site Cape Canaveral Air Force Station , manufacturer Lockheed Martin
Audi A1 manufacturer Audi , belongs to the division of Audi e-tron.
Audi A1 manufacturer Audi , subsidiary Ducati
Audi A1 manufacturer Audi , subsidiary Quattro Gmb H
AIDAluna power Type Caterpillar Inc. Douglas R. Oberhelman is the key person for ,.
rocket Antares comparable Delta II , launch Site Vandenberg Air Force Base
icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov builder Finland The leader of , is Juha Sipilä.
American submarine NR-1 builder General Dynamics Electric Boat General Dynamics is the parent company of ,.
A-Rosa Luna power Type MTU Friedrichshafen Rolls-Royce Holdings is the owner of ,.
Aston Martin V8 assembly United Kingdom The leader of , is Elizabeth II.
Aaron S. Daggett won the Purple Heart. , was born in Maine. One of the noted , battles was the Battle of Fredericksburg.
Erasmus University Rotterdam is Ab Klink's almaMater. , Noord is part of Christian Democratic Appeal. , was born in Netherlands.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Kingdom of Sarawak. , successor Abdul Rahman Ya'kub , has Deputy Stephen Yong Kuet Tze
Abdul Taib Mahmud resides in the Sarawak. , was born in Kingdom of Sarawak. , Noord is part of Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State. Technical Institute, Kaduna is ,'s almaMater. , office (worked At, worked As) Nigeria Chief of the Defence Staff
Abdulsalami Abubakar successor Olusegun Obasanjo , military Branch Nigerian Air Force , in Office While Vice President Atiku Abubakar
Abdulsalami Abubakar successor Olusegun Obasanjo , military Branch Nigerian Army , in Office While Vice President Atiku Abubakar
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas. , office (worked At, worked As) Member of the Congress of Deputies , was born in Spain Galicia.
Abel Caballero was born in Spain. , was born in Spain Galicia. , Noord is part of Spanish Socialist Workers' Party.
One of the noted Abner W. Sibal battles was the World War II. , military Branch United States Army , was commanded by Joseph Stalin.
Abner W. Sibal office (worked At, worked As) Member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District , Noord is part of United States Republican Party. , was born in Ridgewood, Queens.
One of the noted Adam Holloway battles was the Gulf War. , military Branch Grenadier Guards , was commanded by George H. W. Bush.
Adam Holloway Noord is part of UK Conservative Party. , was born in Faversham. Magdalene College, Cambridge is ,'s almaMater.
One of the noted Adam Koc battles was the Polish–Soviet War. , was born in Congress Poland. , was commanded by Leon Trotsky.
One of the noted Adam Koc battles was the Polish–Soviet War. , is Part Of Military Conflict Russian Civil War , was commanded by Leon Trotsky.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Greece. , office (worked At, worked As) Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally , was born in Athens.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Greece. , office (worked At, worked As) Minister for Health , was born in Athens.
Adonis Georgiadis in Office While Prime Minister Antonis Samaras , Noord is part of Greece New Democracy. , colour Blue
The nationality of Agnes Kant is Netherlands. , office (worked At, worked As) Netherlands House of Representatives The leader of , is Mark Rutte.
The nationality of Agnes Kant is Netherlands. , Noord is part of Netherlands Socialist Party. The leader of , is Mark Rutte.
Agnes Kant office (worked At, worked As) Member of the House of Representatives , was born in West Germany. Radboud University Nijmegen is ,'s almaMater.
One of the noted Airey Neave battles was the World War II. , active Years Start Date 1953-06-30 , active Years End Date 1979-03-30
One of the noted Airey Neave battles was the World War II. , active Years Start Date 1974-03-04 , active Years End Date 1979-03-30
Albert B. White death Year 1941 , was born on the 15th of March 1856-09-22. The architect , in 1941-07-03, Texas.
Albert B. White spouse Agnes Ward White , successor William M. O. Dawson , was born in Marietta, Ohio.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island. , died in United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
Albert Jennings Fountain died in New Mexico Territory. , was born in New York City. , was born in Staten Island.
Albert Jennings Fountain died in United States. , was born in New York. , was born in Staten Island.
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires. ,'s governing body is Buenos Aires City Legislature. The leader of , is Horacio Rodríguez Larreta.
Alberto Teisaire profession Rear admiral , successor Isaac Rojas , was born in Mendoza, Argentina.
Alfons Gorbach died in Graz. , was born in County of Tyrol. , was born in Austria.
Alfred N. Phillips successor Albert E. Austin , was born in Connecticut. , office (worked At, worked As) Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district
Alfred N. Phillips successor Albert E. Austin , was born in Darien, Connecticut. , office (worked At, worked As) Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district
Allan Shivers office (worked At, worked As) Port Arthur Member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 , Noord is part of United States Democratic Party. , successor Wilfred R. Cousins, Jr.
Alvah Sabin active Years End Date 1857-03-03 , is from the Vermont region. The largest city in , is Burlington, Vermont.
Alvah Sabin Noord is part of United States Whig Party. , was born on the 15th of March 1793-10-23. The leader of , is Henry Clay.
Alvah Sabin Noord is part of United States Whig Party. , was born in Georgia, Vermont. The leader of , is Daniel Webster.
One of the noted Albert Jennings Fountain battles was the American Civil War. , was born in United States. , was commanded by Abraham Lincoln.
One of the noted Alfred Moore Scales battles was the Battle of Fredericksburg. , is Part Of Military Conflict American Civil War , was commanded by Jefferson Davis.
Alfons Gorbach was born in County of Tyrol. , died in Austria. The leader of , is Doris Bures.
Alfons Gorbach was born in state Tyrol. , died in Austria. The leader of , is Doris Bures.
Alfons Gorbach died in Styria. , died in Austria. The leader of , is Doris Bures.
One of the noted Aaron S. Daggett battles was the Battle of Salem Church. , was commanded by Robert E. Lee. , is Part Of Military Conflict American Civil War
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam. The nationality of , is Netherlands. The currency of , is the Euro.
The nationality of Adam Koc is Poland. The Polish language is spoken in ,. Kashubians are an ethnic group in the ,.
19255 1994 VK8 escape Velocity kilometre Per Seconds 0.0925 , mass kilograms 5.6 , apoapsis kilometres 6603633000.0
410777 2009 FD orbital Period 39447000.0 , periapsis 88234300000.0 , discoverer Spacewatch
66063 1998 RO1 minimum Temperature degree Celsius -71.0 , maximum Temperature kelvins 500.0 , apoapsis kilometres 254989570.60815
66391 1999 KW4 average Speed kilometre Per Seconds 37.16 , density gram Per Cubic Centimetres 2.0 , apoapsis kilometres 162164091.8388
1000 Piazzia orbital Period 488160.0 , periapsis 352497000000.0 , epoch 2015-06-27
1001 Gaussia epoch 2015-06-27 , was formerly called the 1923 OAA907 XC. , periapsis kilometres 419113394.55312
101 Helena mass kilograms 3.0 , escape Velocity kilometre Per Seconds 0.0348 , apoapsis kilometres 441092000.0
1036 Ganymed discoverer Walter Baade The nationality of , is Germany. University of Göttingen is ,'s almaMater.
103 Hera discoverer James Craig Watson , epoch 2011-08-27 , died in Madison, Wisconsin.
103 Hera discoverer James Craig Watson , died in Madison, Wisconsin. , death Cause Peritonitis
103 Hera epoch 2011-08-27 , orbital Period days 1622.213 , apoapsis kilometres 437170000.0
103 Hera escape Velocity kilometre Per Seconds 0.0482 , temperature kelvins 170.0 , apoapsis kilometres 437170000.0
107 Camilla discoverer N. R. Pogson , was born in Nottingham. The nationality of , is England.
1089 Tama epoch 2005-11-26 , was formerly called the A894 VA; A904 VD;. , orbital Period days 1202.846
1089 Tama epoch 2005-11-26 , periapsis 288749000000.0 , apoapsis kilometres 373513000.0
1097 Vicia epoch 2006-12-31 , was formerly called the 1928 PC. , periapsis 279142000000.0
109 Felicitas epoch 2006-12-31 , mass kilograms 7.5 , orbital Period 139705000.0
109 Felicitas epoch 2006-12-31 , orbital Period 139705000.0 , apoapsis kilometres 523329000.0
10 Hygiea average Speed kilometre Per Seconds 16.76 , orbital Period days 5.57 , apoapsis kilometres 523951582.33968
10 Hygiea average Speed kilometre Per Seconds 16.76 , surface Area square Kilometres 837080.744 , apoapsis kilometres 523951582.33968
10 Hygiea surface Area square Kilometres 837080.744 , apoapsis kilometres 523951582.33968 , temperature kelvins 164.0
110 Lydia epoch 2006-12-31 , mass kilograms 6.7 , periapsis 377016000000.0
110 Lydia epoch 2006-12-31 , periapsis 377016000000.0 , apoapsis kilometres 440756000.0
Aaron Bertram associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kids Imagine Nation , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Suburban Legends Alcatraz , is in the genre of Pop music.
Alcatraz Aaron Deer is in the genre of Indie rock. , origin Indiana , origin United States
Aaron Deer origin United States Alcatraz , is in the genre of Psychedelia. , origin Indiana
Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist band Twilight , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Greymachine Alcatraz , is in the genre of Black metal.
Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist band Twilight , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Greymachine Alcatraz , is in the genre of Drone music.
Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist band Twilight , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Mamiffer Alcatraz , is in the genre of Ambient music.
Alcatraz Aaron Turner is in the genre of Black metal. , instrument Electric guitar , music Fusion Genre Death metal
Alcatraz Aaron Turner is in the genre of Black metal. , instrument Singing , music Fusion Genre Death metal
Abradab associated Band/associated Musical Artist rapper Magik , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kaliber 44 , was born on the 15th of March 1978-11-12.
Abradab associated Band/associated Musical Artist rapper Magik , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kaliber 44 , origin Katowice
Alcatraz Ace Wilder is in the genre of Hip hop music. , stylistic Origin Funk , stylistic Origin Disco
Agustín Barboza was born in Asunción. , was born in Paraguay. The leader of , is Juan Afara.
NRBQ band Al Anderson associated Band/associated Musical Artist NRBQ , instrument Singing Alcatraz , is in the genre of Rock music.
Alcatraz Alan Frew is in the genre of Rock music. , stylistic Origin Country music , music Fusion Genre music Bhangra
Alcatraz Albennie Jones is in the genre of Jazz. , stylistic Origin Blues , music Fusion Genre Afrobeat
Alcatraz Albennie Jones is in the genre of Rhythm and blues. , was born in Errata, Mississippi. , derivative Disco
Aleksandra Kovač associated Band/associated Musical Artist Bebi Dol , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kovač sisters duo K2 Alcatraz , is in the genre of Pop music.
Aleksandra Kovač associated Band/associated Musical Artist Bebi Dol , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kornelije Kovač Alcatraz , is in the genre of Pop music.
Alcatraz Aleksandra Kovač is in the genre of Rhythm and blues. , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kovač sisters duo K2 , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kristina Kovač
Alcatraz Alex Day is in the genre of Synthpop. , stylistic Origin Pop music , stylistic Origin Disco
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England. , was born in Manchester. , died in Sidcup.
Alfred Garth Jones died in London. , was born in England. The nationality of , is United Kingdom.
Alfred Garth Jones died in London. The nationality of , is United Kingdom. , was born in Manchester.
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup. , was born in Manchester. The leader of , is UK Labour Party.
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup. , died in London. The leader of , is Boris Johnson.
Alison O'Donnell associated Band/associated Musical Artist Flibbertigibbet , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Mellow Candle Alcatraz , is in the genre of Folk music of Ireland.
Alison O'Donnell associated Band/associated Musical Artist Mellow Candle , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Flibbertigibbet Alcatraz , is in the genre of Folk music.
Alcatraz Alison O'Donnell is in the genre of Jazz. , instrument Voice, bodhrán, percussion, autoharp , derivative Funk
Alcatraz Alison O'Donnell is in the genre of Jazz. , record Label Static Caravan Recordings , derivative Funk
Allen Forrest was born in Dothan, Alabama. Alcatraz , is in the genre of Pop music. , background solo singer
Alcatraz Allen Forrest is in the genre of Rhythm and blues. , was born in Dothan, Alabama. , background solo singer
Alcatraz musician Andrew White is in the genre of Alternative rock. , music Fusion Genre Nu metal , stylistic Origin New wave music
Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Billy Iuso , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Tab Benoit , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kirk Joseph
Anders Osborne record Label Rabadash Records Alcatraz , is in the genre of Rock music. , music Fusion Genre music Bhangra
singer Andra associated Band/associated Musical Artist singer Puya , associated Band/associated Musical Artist CRBL Alcatraz , is in the genre of Dance-pop.
Alcatraz singer Andra is in the genre of Rhythm and blues. , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Andreea Bălan , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Marius Moga
Alcatraz singer Andra is in the genre of Rhythm and blues. , background solo singer , derivative Disco
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Christian Burns , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Jonathan Mendelsohn Alcatraz , is in the genre of Trance music.
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Jonathan Mendelsohn , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Bobina Alcatraz , is in the genre of Trance music.
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Jwaydan Moyine , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Christian Burns Alcatraz , is in the genre of House music.
musician Andrew White associated Band/associated Musical Artist Marry Banilow , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kaiser Chiefs , record Label defunct record label Universal Records
Aaron Bertram associated Band/associated Musical Artist Suburban Legends Alcatraz , is in the genre of Ska punk. , stylistic Origin Ska
Albennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi. , was born in United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
1955 Dodge engine V8 engine , transmission 3-speed automatic An alternative name for , is Dodge Coronet.
A-Rosa Luna ship Class Cruise ship , length millimetres 125800.0 , ship Ordered 2004-01-22
A-Rosa Luna ship Displacement tonnes 1850.0 , top Speed 24.0 , length millimetres 125800.0
AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises. Costa Crociere is the owner of ,. , is located in Germany.
AIDAstella christening Date 2013-03-16 , ship In Service 2013-03-17 , length millimetres 253260.0
ALCO RS-3 builder American Locomotive Company , engine Four-stroke engine , length millimetres 17068.8
ALCO RS-3 builder American Locomotive Company , engine V12 engine , length millimetres 17068.8
ALCO RS-3 builder American Locomotive Company , length millimetres 17068.8 , was founded in Schenectady, New York, D.C.
ALV X-1 country Origin United States African Americans are an ethnic group in the ,. Americans are from ,.
ALV X-1 country Origin United States Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in the ,. The capital of , is Washington, D.C..
ALV X-1 diameter metres 1.524 , rocket Stages 2 , total Launches 1
Abarth 1000 GT Coupé production End Year 1958 , body Style Coupé , engine Straight-four engine
Abarth 1000 GT Coupé wheelbase millimetres 2160.0 , width 1.55 , body Style Two door coupé
icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov ship Beam 21.2 , builder Helsinki , builder Arctech Helsinki Shipyard
Alfa Romeo 164 assembly Italy , related Mean Of Transportation Fiat Croma The capital of , is Rome.
Alfa Romeo 164 assembly Italy , related Mean Of Transportation Lancia Thema The capital of , is Rome.
Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Fiat Croma , assembly Arese , related Mean Of Transportation Lancia Thema
Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Fiat Croma , assembly Milan , related Mean Of Transportation Saab 9000
Alhambra ship Beam 8.3 m , length millimetres 63800.0 , ship Launch 1855-05-31
Alhambra ship Beam 8.3 m , ship Launch 1855-05-31 , is Wrecked.
Alvis Speed 25 manufacturer Alvis Car and Engineering Company , engine Petrol , was founded in Coventry, D.C.
AMC Matador manufacturer American Motors , contain automobile Eagle of fat. Roy D. Chapin, Jr. is the key person for ,.
rocket Antares manufacturer Yuzhnoye Design Office , comparable Delta II , country Origin United States
rocket Antares manufacturer Yuzhnoye Design Office , launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 , function Medium expendable launch system
Ariane 5 manufacturer Arianespace , launch Site ELA-3 , site Guiana Space Centre
Aston Martin V8 related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin DBS , assembly Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom , engine litres 5.3
Aston Martin V8 related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin DBS , engine litres 5.3 , assembly United Kingdom
Atlas II country Origin United States , launch Site Vandenberg Air Force Base , launch Site Cape Canaveral Air Force Station
Atlas II country Origin United States Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in the ,. , is led by the President of the United States.
Atlas II launch Site Cape Canaveral Air Force Station , country Origin United States , launch Site Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36
Audi A1 engine litres 1.2 , assembly Audi Brussels , body Style Hatchback
Audi A1 manufacturer Audi , related Mean Of Transportation SEAT Ibiza , related Mean Of Transportation Volkswagen Polo
AIDAluna power Type Caterpillar Inc. , was founded in California, D.C. , is located in Peoria, Illinois.
AIDA Cruises is the owner of AIDAluna. , power Type Caterpillar Inc. , is located in Illinois.
AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises. Costa Crociere is the owner of ,. , is located in Genoa.
rocket Antares comparable Delta II , launch Site Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2 , country Origin United States
Ariane 5 launch Site ELA-3 , site Guiana Space Centre The headquarters of , are located in French Guiana.
Ariane 5 launch Site ELA-3 , site Guiana Space Centre , is located in Kourou, French Guiana.
A-Rosa Luna builder Neptun Werft , is located in Rostock. , is located in Germany.
Atlas II country Origin United States Americans are from ,. African Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
Aaron Hunt plays for Vf L Wolfsburg. , played youth football for Goslarer SC 08. , plays for SV Werder Bremen.
Aaron Hunt plays for Vf L Wolfsburg. , plays for SV Werder Bremen II. The manager of , is Dieter Hecking.
Abel Hernández played youth football for Central Español. , plays for Hull City A.F.C.. , plays for U.S. Città di Palermo.
Abel Hernández played youth football for Central Español. , plays for U.S. Città di Palermo. , plays for Peñarol.
Adam Maher plays for PSV Eindhoven. , was born in Netherlands. , plays for AZ Alkmaar.
Akeem Adams plays for United Petrotrin F.C.. , plays for W Connection F.C.. ,'s ground is in Palo Seco.
Akeem Ayers former Team Los Angeles Rams , draft Round 2 , draft Pick 39
Akeem Ayers former Team St. Louis Rams , draft Round 2 , draft Pick 39
Akeem Dent debut Team Atlanta Falcons , was born on the 15th of March 1987-09-27. , was born in Atlanta, Georgia.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra was born in Iraq. , plays for Shabab Al-Ordon Club. , plays for Iraq national under-20 football team.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC. , plays for Shabab Al-Ordon Club. ,'s ground is in Al Khor.
footballer Alan Martin plays for Hamilton Academical F.C.. , was born on the 15th of March 1989-01-01. , plays for Clyde F.C..
footballer Alan Martin plays for Motherwell F.C.. , plays for Accrington Stanley F.C.. ,'s ground is in Accrington.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. plays for Florida Panthers. , was born on the 15th of March 1995-09-02. , was born in Tampere, Finland.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. draft Team Florida Panthers , was born on the 15th of March 1995-09-02. , was born in Tampere, Finland.
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia. , was born in Soviet Union. The leader of , is Vladimir Putin.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on the 15th of March 1989-02-24. , plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar. , plays for FC Alania Vladikavkaz.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on the 15th of March 1989-02-24. , plays for Russia national football B team. , plays for FC Tom Tomsk.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for Olympique Lyonnais. , plays for AZAL PFK. ,'s ground is in Parc Olympique Lyonnais.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for Olympique Lyonnais. , plays for US Lesquin. ,'s ground is in Parc Olympique Lyonnais.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.C. Milan. , plays for Italy national under-16 football team. The manager of , is Siniša Mihajlović.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.C. Milan. , plays for U.C. Sampdoria. The manager of , is Siniša Mihajlović.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for Italy national under-16 football team. , plays for A.S. Roma. , coach Daniele Zoratto
Alessio Romagnoli plays for Italy national under-17 football team. , plays for U.C. Sampdoria. , was born in Italy.
Alex Plante was born in Brandon, Manitoba. The height of , is 1.9304. , plays for Anyang Halla.
The height of Alex Plante is 1.9304. , plays for Anyang Halla. , was born in Canada.
Alex Tyus play in Euroleague , plays for Maccabi Ashdod B.C.. , coach Zvi Sherf
Alex Tyus play in Turkish Basketball Super League , plays for Maccabi Ashdod B.C.. , coach Zvi Sherf
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Tom Tomsk. , plays for FC Spartak Moscow. ,'s ground is in Otkrytiye Arena.
Aleksandr Prudnikov played youth football for FC Spartak Moscow. , plays for FC Anzhi Makhachkala. ,'s ground is in Otkrytiye Arena.
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow. , played in the 2014–15 Russian Premier League season. The manager of , is Valery Petrakov.
Abel Hernández plays for Hull City A.F.C.. , plays for Uruguay Olympic football team. The manager of , is Steve Bruce.
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia. , was born in Moscow. The leader of , is Sergey Sobyanin.
footballer Abner plays for Brazil national under-20 football team. , plays for Real Madrid Castilla. The manager of , is Luis Miguel Ramis.
footballer Abner plays for Real Madrid Castilla. , plays for C.D. FAS. The manager of , is Luis Miguel Ramis.
Alex Tyus was born in St. Louis. , is part of Greater St. Louis. The leader of , is Francis G. Slay.
Akeem Ayers former Team New England Patriots , debut Team Tennessee Titans , is located in Nashville, Tennessee.
Akeem Adams plays for Trinidad and Tobago national under-20 football team. , plays for United Petrotrin F.C.. ,'s ground is in Palo Seco.
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen. , plays for SV Werder Bremen II. The manager of , is Alexander Nouri. , play in 3. Liga
Abel Hernández plays for Peñarol. , played youth football for Central Español. , plays for Hull City A.F.C.. The manager of , is Steve Bruce.
Abel Hernández played youth football for Peñarol. , plays for Central Español. , plays for U.S. Città di Palermo. The manager of , is Jorge Orosmán da Silva.
Abel Hernández played youth football for Peñarol. , plays for U.S. Città di Palermo. The manager of , is Giuseppe Iachini. , play in Serie A
Adam Mc Quaid was born in Prince Edward Island. , was born on the 15th of March 1986-10-12. The height of , is kilograms 94.8024. , birth Year 1986
Adam Mc Quaid draft Team Columbus Blue Jackets , plays for Boston Bruins. , is located in Columbus, Ohio. , general Manager Don Sweeney
Akeem Ayers former Team St. Louis Rams , was born on the 15th of March 1989-07-10. , debut Team Tennessee Titans , birth Year 1989
Akeem Dent birth Year 1987 , former Team Houston Texans , was born on the 15th of March 1987-09-27. , was born in Atlanta, Georgia.
Akeem Dent debut Team Atlanta Falcons , former Team Houston Texans , was born on the 15th of March 1987-09-27. , was born in Atlanta, Georgia.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al-Zawra'a SC. , plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC. ,'s ground is in Al Khor. The manager of , is Amar Osim.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC. , plays for Iraq national under-23 football team. ,'s ground is in Al Khor. The manager of , is Amar Osim.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC. , plays for Shabab Al-Ordon Club. ,'s ground is in Al Khor. The manager of , is Amar Osim.
footballer Alan Martin plays for Hamilton Academical F.C.. , was born on the 15th of March 1989-01-01. The height of , is centimetres 185.42. , plays for Crewe Alexandra F.C..
footballer Alan Martin plays for Scotland national under-21 football team. , was born on the 15th of March 1989-01-01. The height of , is centimetres 185.42. , plays for Crewe Alexandra F.C..
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on the 15th of March 1989-02-24. The height of , is centimetres 185.0. , plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar. , plays for FC Dynamo Moscow.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow. , was born on the 15th of March 1989-02-24. The height of , is centimetres 185.0. , plays for FC Rubin Kazan.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv. , was born in Batumi. The height of , is centimetres 178.0. , plays for FC Zestafoni.
Alex Plante birth Year 1989 , plays for Anyang Halla. , was born in Canada. , was born on the 15th of March 1989-05-09.
Alex Plante birth Year 1989 The height of , is 1.9304. , plays for Anyang Halla. , was born in Canada.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada. The anthem of , is called O Canada. The leader of , is Elizabeth II. The Inuktitut is spoken in ,.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada. The anthem of , is called O Canada. The leader of , is Elizabeth II. Asian Canadians are an ethnic group in the ,.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada. The anthem of , is called O Canada. The leader of , is Elizabeth II. The Slavey language is spoken in ,.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Terek Grozny. , plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar. ,'s ground is in Grozny. The manager of , is Rashid Rakhimov.
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow. , played in the 2014–15 Russian Premier League season. The manager of , is Valery Petrakov. Aleksandr Tukmanov is the chairman of ,.
Akeem Dent debut Team Atlanta Falcons , former Team Houston Texans , is located in Texas. , is located in Houston.
Abel Hernández played youth football for Peñarol. , plays for Hull City A.F.C.. , play in Uruguayan Primera División The manager of , is Steve Bruce.
19255 1994 VK8 epoch 2006-12-31 , orbital Period 8788850000.0 , periapsis 6155910000000.0 , apoapsis kilometres 6603633000.0
66063 1998 RO1 epoch 2013-11-04 , orbital Period days 360.29 , escape Velocity kilometre Per Seconds 0.0999 , apoapsis kilometres 254989570.60815
66063 1998 RO1 should be served kelvins 265.0. , apoapsis kilometres 254989570.60815 , epoch 2013-11-04 , orbital Period days 360.29
1000 Piazzia epoch 2015-06-27 , orbital Period 488160.0 , periapsis 352497000000.0 , escape Velocity kilometre Per Seconds 0.0252
1001 Gaussia discoverer Sergey Belyavsky , epoch 2015-06-27 , was formerly called the 1923 OAA907 XC. , periapsis kilometres 419113394.55312
1036 Ganymed discoverer Walter Baade , was born in German Empire. University of Göttingen is ,'s almaMater. , doctoral Student Allan Sandage
1036 Ganymed discoverer Walter Baade , doctoral Student Halton Arp , was born in Preußisch Oldendorf. University of Göttingen is ,'s almaMater.
1036 Ganymed discoverer Walter Baade , doctoral Student Halton Arp , died in West Germany. University of Göttingen is ,'s almaMater.
103 Hera discoverer James Craig Watson University of Michigan is ,'s almaMater. , died in Madison, Wisconsin. , death Cause Peritonitis
103 Hera discoverer James Craig Watson , apoapsis kilometres 437170000.0 The nationality of , is Canada. , died in Madison, Wisconsin.
103 Hera discoverer James Craig Watson The nationality of , is Canada. , died in Madison, Wisconsin. , death Cause Peritonitis
107 Camilla discoverer N. R. Pogson , periapsis kilometres 479343000.0 , died in Chennai. , was born in Nottingham.
107 Camilla discoverer N. R. Pogson , discovered 2001-03-01 , died in Chennai. , was born in Nottingham.
1089 Tama epoch 2005-11-26 , was formerly called the A894 VA; A904 VD;. , orbital Period days 1202.846 , periapsis 288749000000.0
1089 Tama escape Velocity kilometre Per Seconds 0.0068 , orbital Period days 1202.846 , epoch 2005-11-26 , apoapsis kilometres 373513000.0
1097 Vicia epoch 2006-12-31 , mass kilograms 9.8 , orbital Period 135589000.0 , apoapsis kilometres 511592000.0
109 Felicitas epoch 2006-12-31 , orbital Period 139705000.0 , periapsis 283326000000.0 , escape Velocity kilometre Per Seconds 0.0473
10 Hygiea epoch 2015-06-27 , was formerly called the A900 GA. , orbital Period days 5.57 , periapsis 416136000000.0
1101 Clematis epoch 2006-12-31 , escape Velocity kilometre Per Seconds 0.02 , orbital Period 183309000.0 , apoapsis kilometres 520906000.0
1101 Clematis epoch 2006-12-31 , was formerly called the 1928 SJ. , orbital Period 183309000.0 , periapsis 445895000000.0
1101 Clematis escape Velocity kilometre Per Seconds 0.02 , orbital Period 183309000.0 , periapsis 445895000000.0 , epoch 2006-12-31
1955 Dodge engine V8 engine , manufacturer Dodge , transmission 3-speed automatic , wheelbase inches 120.0
1955 Dodge related Mean Of Transportation De Soto Custom , related Mean Of Transportation Chrysler Newport , successor De Soto Firedome , manufacturer automobile De Soto
AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises. , builder Meyer Werft Costa Crociere is the owner of ,. , is located in Rostock.
AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises. , length millimetres 253260.0 , builder Meyer Werft Costa Crociere is the owner of ,.
ALCO RS-3 builder American Locomotive Company , build Date May 1950 - August 1956 , engine V12 engine , power Type Diesel-electric transmission
ALCO RS-3 builder American Locomotive Company , length millimetres 17068.8 , engine V12 engine , build Date May 1950 - August 1956
ALCO RS-3 builder American Locomotive Company , length millimetres 17068.8 , is located in United States. , was founded in Schenectady, New York, D.C.
ALCO RS-3 builder Montreal Locomotive Works , build Date May 1950 - August 1956 , engine V12 engine , power Type Diesel-electric transmission
ALCO RS-3 builder Montreal Locomotive Works , cylinder Count 12 , build Date May 1950 - August 1956 , engine Four-stroke engine
An alternative name for AMC Matador is American Motors Matador. , assembly Mexico City , body Style Station wagon , engine AMC V8 engine
An alternative name for AMC Matador is VAM Classic. , assembly Kenosha, Wisconsin , class is Mid-size car. , engine AMC straight-6 engine
Acura TLX assembly Marysville, Ohio , class is Mid-size car. , layout front-wheel drive / all-wheel drive , engine Honda K engine
Acura TLX assembly Marysville Auto Plant , engine V6 engine , layout Front-engine design , class is Luxury vehicle.
icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov builder Finland , ship Beam 21.2 , is In service. , builder Arctech Helsinki Shipyard
icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov builder Finland , builder Helsinki Finns are from ,. The leader of , is Juha Sipilä.
icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov ship Beam 21.2 , is In service. , builder Helsinki , builder Arctech Helsinki Shipyard
Alfa Romeo 164 assembly Italy , related Mean Of Transportation Saab 9000 , engine Straight-four engine , related Mean Of Transportation Lancia Thema
Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Fiat Croma , assembly Italy , related Mean Of Transportation Saab 9000 , engine V6 engine
Alhambra ship Beam 8.3 m , length millimetres 63800.0 , ship Launch 1855-05-31 , is Wrecked.
Alvis Speed 25 manufacturer Alvis Car and Engineering Company , engine Petrol , was founded in Coventry, D.C. , successor Rover Company
Alvis Speed 25 manufacturer Alvis Car and Engineering Company , engine Straight-six engine , was founded in Coventry, D.C. , successor Rover Company
AMC Matador manufacturer American Motors , successor automobile Eagle , contain Chrysler of fat. Roy D. Chapin, Jr. is the key person for ,.
American submarine NR-1 ship Beam 3.8 m , ship Launch 1969-01-25 , top Speed 8.334 , builder General Dynamics Electric Boat
American submarine NR-1 ship Launch 1969-01-25 , top Speed 8.334 , length millimetres 45000.0 , ship Beam 3.8 m
rocket Antares manufacturer Yuzhnoye Design Office , final Flight 2014-10-28 , maiden Flight 2013-04-21 , launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0
rocket Antares manufacturer Yuzhnoye Design Office , maiden Flight 2013-04-21 , launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 , final Flight 2013-09-18
Aston Martin V8 assembly United Kingdom , successor Aston Martin Virage The capital of , is London. , manufacturer Aston Martin
Aston Martin V8 related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin DBS , engine litres 5.3 , assembly United Kingdom , related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin RHAM/1
Aston Martin V8 related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin DBS , engine litres 5.3 , successor Aston Martin Virage , manufacturer Aston Martin
Atlas II diameter 3.04 m , final Flight 2002-12-05 , launch Site Vandenberg Air Force Base , launch Site Cape Canaveral Air Force Station
Audi A1 class is Supermini. , engine litres 1.2 , layout Front-engine, front-wheel-drive layout , assembly Audi Brussels
Audi A1 manufacturer Audi , was founded by John August Horch. , belongs to the division of Audi e-tron. , subsidiary Ducati
AIDA Cruises is the owner of AIDAluna. , power Type Caterpillar Inc. , is located in Illinois. , was founded in California, D.C.
AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises. , builder Meyer Werft Costa Crociere is the owner of ,. , is located in Genoa.
rocket Antares comparable Delta II , launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 , launch Site Cape Canaveral Air Force Station , country Origin United States
rocket Antares comparable Delta II , launch Site Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2 , launch Site Cape Canaveral Air Force Station , country Origin United States
Alfa Romeo 164 assembly Italy , related Mean Of Transportation Fiat Croma , body Style automobile Sedan , related Mean Of Transportation Opel Vectra
Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Fiat Croma , assembly Milan , body Style automobile Sedan , related Mean Of Transportation Opel Vectra
American submarine NR-1 ship Beam 3.8 m , builder General Dynamics Electric Boat General Dynamics is the parent company of ,. , is located in Groton, Connecticut.
A-Rosa Luna builder Neptun Werft , is located in Rostock. , is in the Germany. The leader of , is Stanislaw Tillich.
Atlas II country Origin United States The capital of , is Washington, D.C.. The English language is spoken in ,. African Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
Atlas II country Origin United States Americans are from ,. The capital of , is Washington, D.C.. African Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
Aaron Bertram associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kids Imagine Nation , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Suburban Legends Alcatraz , is in the genre of Ska punk. , band Member trombonist Brian Robertson
Aaron Deer background solo singer Alcatraz , is in the genre of Psychedelia. , origin Indianapolis , origin Indiana
Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist band Isis , associated Band/associated Musical Artist band Sumac Alcatraz , is in the genre of Electroacoustic music. , instrument Singing
Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist band Twilight , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Old Man Gloom Alcatraz , is in the genre of Post-metal. , active Years Start Year 1995
Alcatraz Aaron Turner is in the genre of Black metal. , associated Band/associated Musical Artist band Sumac , instrument Electric guitar , music Fusion Genre Death metal
Ace Wilder background solo singer , birth Year 1982 , was born in Stockholm. , was born on the 15th of March 1982-07-23.
Ace Wilder background solo singer , birth Year 1982 , was born in Sweden. , was born on the 15th of March 1982-07-23.
Ace Wilder background solo singer , birth Year 1982 , was a Songwriter. , was born in Stockholm.
Ace Wilder background solo singer , birth Year 1982 , was a Songwriter. , was born in Sweden.
Alcatraz Ahmet Ertegun is in the genre of Rhythm and blues. , origin Washington, D.C. , background non performing personnel , origin United States
Alcatraz Ahmet Ertegun is in the genre of Rock and roll. , origin United States , stylistic Origin Blues African Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
Albennie Jones active Years End Year 1950 Alcatraz , is in the genre of Rhythm and blues. , stylistic Origin Blues , derivative Disco
Alcatraz Albennie Jones is in the genre of Jazz. , was born in United States. , stylistic Origin Blues African Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
Aleksandra Kovač birth Year 1972 Alcatraz , is in the genre of Pop music. , was born in Belgrade. , background solo singer
Alcatraz Aleksandra Kovač is in the genre of Rhythm and blues. , background solo singer , birth Year 1972 , was born in Socialist Republic of Serbia.
Alex Day associated Band/associated Musical Artist band Chameleon Circuit Alcatraz , is in the genre of Acoustic music. , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Charlie Mc Donnell , active Years Start Year 2006
Alex Day associated Band/associated Musical Artist band Chameleon Circuit Alcatraz , is in the genre of Electronic music. , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Charlie Mc Donnell , active Years Start Year 2006
Alfred Garth Jones died in London. , was born in England. , was born in Manchester. , birth Year 1872
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo. , is in the Uruguay. The leader of , is politician Daniel Martínez. Uruguayans are from ,.
Alfredo Zitarrosa record Label RCA Records , was born in Uruguay. Alcatraz , is in the genre of Candombe. , background solo singer
Alison O'Donnell associated Band/associated Musical Artist Bajik , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Flibbertigibbet Alcatraz , is in the genre of Folk music. , active Years Start Year 1963
Alison O'Donnell associated Band/associated Musical Artist Mellow Candle , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Head South By Weaving Alcatraz , is in the genre of Folk music. , active Years Start Year 1963
Alcatraz Alison O'Donnell is in the genre of Jazz. , record Label Deram Records , record Label Floating World Records , is located in London.
Alcatraz Alison O'Donnell is in the genre of Jazz. , record Label Deram Records , record Label Fruits de Mer Records , is located in London.
Allen Forrest birth Year 1981 Alcatraz , is in the genre of Acoustic music. , was born in Fort Campbell. , background solo singer
Alcatraz Allen Forrest is in the genre of Hip hop music. , birth Year 1981 , was born in Fort Campbell, KY, raised in Dothan, AL. , background solo singer
musician Andrew White associated Band/associated Musical Artist Marry Banilow Alcatraz , is in the genre of Alternative rock. , music Fusion Genre Nu metal , stylistic Origin Punk rock
Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Billy Iuso , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Tab Benoit Alcatraz , is in the genre of Rock music. , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Galactic
Anders Osborne record Label Alligator Records , record Label Shanachie Records Alcatraz , is in the genre of Blues. , is located in Chicago.
Alcatraz singer Andra is in the genre of Dance-pop. , was a Singing. , was born in Romania. , background solo singer
Alcatraz singer Andra is in the genre of Rhythm and blues. , derivative Funk , stylistic Origin Blues , derivative Disco
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Christian Burns , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Jonathan Mendelsohn Alcatraz , is in the genre of Trance music. , active Years Start Year 2009
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Jwaydan Moyine , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Christian Burns Alcatraz , is in the genre of Trance music. , stylistic Origin House music
musician Andrew White associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kaiser Chiefs , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Marry Banilow Alcatraz , is in the genre of Alternative rock. , active Years Start Year 2003
musician Andrew White associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kaiser Chiefs , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Marry Banilow , record Label defunct record label Universal Records , active Years Start Year 2003
Agustín Barboza died in Asunción. , died in Paraguay. , is part of Gran Asunción. The leader of , is Juan Afara.
NRBQ band Al Anderson associated Band/associated Musical Artist NRBQ , associated Band/associated Musical Artist The Wildweeds Alcatraz , is in the genre of Country music. , instrument Banjo
Alcatraz Allen Forrest is in the genre of Hip hop music. , stylistic Origin Disco , stylistic Origin Funk , derivative Drum and bass
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England. , was born in Manchester. , is part of Greater Manchester. The leader of , is UK Labour Party.
Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist band Twilight , associated Band/associated Musical Artist House of Low Culture Alcatraz , is in the genre of Post-metal. , instrument Cello
Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist band Twilight , instrument Electric guitar Alcatraz , is in the genre of Black metal. , music Fusion Genre Death metal
Alcatraz Albennie Jones is in the genre of Rhythm and blues. , was born in United States. , stylistic Origin Blues African Americans are an ethnic group in the ,.
One of the noted Aaron S. Daggett battles was the American Civil War. , won the Purple Heart. , died in West Roxbury. , was born in Maine.
One of the noted Aaron S. Daggett battles was the Battle of the Wilderness. , won the Purple Heart. , died in West Roxbury. , was born in Maine.
Erasmus University Rotterdam is Ab Klink's almaMater. , office (worked At, worked As) Netherlands Ministry of Health, Welfare and Sport , was born in Netherlands. , is affiliated with the Association of MBAs.
Abdul Taib Mahmud Noord is part of Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. , is from the Asajaya region. , resides in the Kuching. , was born in Miri, Malaysia.
Abdul Taib Mahmud resides in the Sarawak. , Noord is part of Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. , is from the Asajaya region. , was born in Kingdom of Sarawak.
Abdul Taib Mahmud successor Adenan Satem , resides in the Sarawak. , Noord is part of Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak. , was born in Japanese occupation of British Borneo.
Abdul Taib Mahmud successor Adenan Satem , resides in the Sarawak. , Noord is part of Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. , was born in Japanese occupation of British Borneo.
Abdulsalami Abubakar in Office While Vice President Mike Akhigbe , military Branch Nigerian Army , predecessor Oladipo Diya , successor Atiku Abubakar
Abdulsalami Abubakar in Office While Vice President Mike Akhigbe , successor Al-Amin Daggash , military Branch Nigerian Air Force , predecessor Oladipo Diya
Abel Caballero in Office While Monarch Juan Carlos I of Spain , in Office While Prime Minister Felipe González , was born in Spain Galicia. , predecessor Francisco Franco
Abel Caballero office (worked At, worked As) Minister of Transport , was born in Spain Galicia. , was born in Spain. , Noord is part of Spanish Socialist Workers' Party.
Abraham A. Ribicoff spouse Casey Ribicoff , was born in New Britain, Connecticut. The nationality of , is United States. Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in the ,.
One of the noted Adam Holloway battles was the Gulf War. , was born in Kent. , active Years Start Date 2005-05-05 Magdalene College, Cambridge is ,'s almaMater.
One of the noted Adam Koc battles was the Polish–Soviet War. The nationality of , is Poland. , was commanded by Joseph Stalin. The Polish language is spoken in ,.
One of the noted Adam Koc battles was the Polish–Soviet War. , died in New York City. , is Part Of Military Conflict Russian Civil War , was commanded by Joseph Stalin.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens. , was born in Greece. , office (worked At, worked As) Vice-President of New Democracy , successor Makis Voridis
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens. , was born in Greece. , office (worked At, worked As) Greece Ministry of Economy, Development and Tourism , successor Makis Voridis
Adonis Georgiadis office (worked At, worked As) Member of the Hellenic Parliament , was born in Athens. , was born in Greece. , successor Makis Voridis
The nationality of Agnes Kant is Netherlands. The currency of , is the Euro.
The nationality of Agnes Kant is Netherlands. , office (worked At, worked As) Netherlands House of Representatives , Noord is part of Netherlands Socialist Party. The leader of , is Mark Rutte.
The nationality of Agnes Kant is Netherlands. The leader of , is Mark Rutte.
The nationality of Agnes Kant is Netherlands. , Noord is part of Netherlands Socialist Party. , colour Red The leader of , is Emile Roemer.
One of the noted Airey Neave battles was the Battle of France. , was born in Knightsbridge, London. , active Years Start Date 1953-06-30 , active Years End Date 1979-03-30
One of the noted Airey Neave battles was the Battle of France. , was born in Knightsbridge, London. , active Years Start Date 1974-03-04 , active Years End Date 1979-03-30
Airey Neave unit Royal Artillery One of the noted , battles was the World War II. , garrison Hohne , was commanded by Chiang Kai-shek.
Albert B. White was born in Cleveland. , died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. , successor William M. O. Dawson , was born in Bloomington, Maryland.
Albert B. White successor William M. O. Dawson , was born in Cleveland. , active Years End Date 1905-03-04 , active Years Start Date 1901-03-04
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York. One of the noted , battles was the American Civil War. The French language is spoken in ,. , was commanded by Abraham Lincoln.
Albert Jennings Fountain died in Doña Ana County, New Mexico. , was born in New York City. One of the noted , battles was the American Civil War. , was commanded by Jefferson Davis.
Albert Jennings Fountain died in New Mexico Territory. , died in United States. , was born in New York. , was born in Staten Island.
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires. , Noord is part of Justicialist Party. , in Office While President Juan Perón The leader of , is Horacio Rodríguez Larreta.
Alberto Teisaire office (worked At, worked As) Provisional President of the Argentine Senate , profession Rear admiral , successor Isaac Rojas , was born in Mendoza, Argentina.
Alfred Moore Scales successor Daniel Gould Fowle , office (worked At, worked As) Governor of North Carolina , Noord is part of United States Democratic Party. , was born in Reidsville, North Carolina.
Alfred N. Phillips military Branch United States Army , was born in Connecticut. , office (worked At, worked As) Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district One of the noted , battles was the Whiskey Rebellion.
Alfred N. Phillips Noord is part of United States Democratic Party. , successor Albert E. Austin , was born in Connecticut. , office (worked At, worked As) Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district
Alfred N. Phillips Noord is part of United States Democratic Party. , successor Albert E. Austin , was born in Darien, Connecticut. , office (worked At, worked As) Mayor of Stamford, Connecticut
Allan Shivers Noord is part of United States Democratic Party. , successor Price Daniel , was born in Lufkin, Texas. , office (worked At, worked As) Governor of Texas
Allan Shivers Noord is part of United States Democratic Party. , successor Wilfred R. Cousins, Jr. , was born in Lufkin, Texas. , office (worked At, worked As) Governor of Texas
Alvah Sabin office (worked At, worked As) Secretary of State of Vermont , is from the Vermont's 3rd congressional district region. , is in Vermont. The largest city in , is Burlington, Vermont.
Alvah Sabin Noord is part of United States Whig Party. , is from the Vermont region. The leader of , is Daniel Webster. The largest city in , is Burlington, Vermont.
One of the noted Aaron S. Daggett battles was the Battle of Gettysburg. , won the Purple Heart. , is Part Of Military Conflict American Civil War , was commanded by Robert E. Lee.
The nationality of Alberto Teisaire is Argentina. , in Office While President Juan Perón The Spanish language is spoken in ,. , Noord is part of Argentina Labour Party.
Alberto Teisaire successor Isaac Rojas , was born in Mendoza, Argentina. , in Office While President Juan Perón , Noord is part of Argentina Labour Party.
AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises. , builder Meyer Werft Costa Crociere is the owner of ,. , is located in Germany. Carnival Corporation & plc is the parent company of ,.
AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises. , ship Beam 32.2 , top Speed 38.892 , builder Meyer Werft , length millimetres 253260.0
ALCO RS-3 builder American Locomotive Company , length millimetres 17068.8 , cylinder Count 12 , build Date May 1950 - August 1956 , engine Four-stroke engine
ALCO RS-3 builder American Locomotive Company , length millimetres 17068.8 , cylinder Count 12 , engine V12 engine , build Date May 1950 - August 1956
ALV X-1 country Origin United States Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in the ,. Americans are from ,. The capital of , is Washington, D.C.. The anthem of , is called The Star-Spangled Banner.
An alternative name for AMC Matador is American Motors Matador. , assembly Thames, New Zealand , body Style Station wagon , class is Mid-size car. , engine AMC V8 engine
company P&O is the owner of Alhambra. , ship Beam 8.3 m , power Type Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes , builder Samuda Brothers , is located in London.
AMC Matador manufacturer American Motors , successor automobile Eagle , subsidiary Wheel Horse , contain Chrysler of fat. Roy D. Chapin, Jr. is the key person for ,.
American submarine NR-1 ship Launch 1969-01-25 , top Speed 8.334 , ship Draft 4.6 m , length millimetres 45000.0 , ship Beam 3.8 m
rocket Antares launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport , comparable Delta II , launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 , country Origin United States , associated Rocket Minotaur IV
rocket Antares manufacturer Yuzhnoye Design Office , final Flight 2014-07-13 , maiden Flight 2014-10-28 , launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 , diameter metres 3.9
rocket Antares manufacturer Yuzhnoye Design Office , maiden Flight 2014-10-28 , launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 , diameter metres 3.9 , final Flight 2013-09-18
Ariane 5 final Flight 2009-12-18 , maiden Flight 2005-08-11 , manufacturer Airbus Defence and Space , launch Site Guiana Space Centre , diameter metres 5.4
Ariane 5 launch Site ELA-3 , site Guiana Space Centre , is operated by Arianespace. The headquarters of , are located in French Guiana. , is located in Courcouronnes.
Aston Martin V8 related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin DBS , assembly Newport Pagnell , engine litres 5.3 , manufacturer Aston Martin , successor Aston Martin Vantage
Aston Martin V8 related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin DBS , body Style Coupé , engine litres 5.3 , related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin RHAM/1 , assembly Newport Pagnell
Aston Martin V8 related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin DBS , assembly United Kingdom , successor Aston Martin Virage The leader of , is Elizabeth II. , manufacturer Aston Martin
Audi A1 engine litres 1.2 , layout Front-engine, front-wheel-drive layout , assembly Brussels, Belgium , class is Supermini. , body Style Hatchback
Audi A1 manufacturer Audi , was founded by John August Horch. , subsidiary Ducati , belongs to the division of Audi e-tron. , subsidiary Lamborghini
AIDA Cruises is the owner of AIDAluna. , power Type Caterpillar Inc. , was founded in California, D.C. , was founded in United States, D.C. , is located in Peoria, Illinois.
AIDA Cruises is the owner of AIDAluna. , power Type Caterpillar Inc. , is located in Rostock. Douglas R. Oberhelman is the key person for ,. , was founded in United States, D.C.
AIDA Cruises is the owner of AIDAluna. , power Type Caterpillar Inc. Douglas R. Oberhelman is the key person for ,. , was founded in United States, D.C. , is located in Peoria, Illinois.
AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises. , builder Meyer Werft Costa Crociere is the owner of ,. , is located in Genoa. Carnival Corporation & plc is the parent company of ,.
icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov builder Finland , builder Arctech Helsinki Shipyard Finns are from ,. The Sami languages is spoken in ,. The leader of , is Juha Sipilä.
A-Rosa Luna builder Neptun Werft , is located in Rostock. , is in the Germany. The capital of , is Berlin. The leader of , is Joachim Gauck.
A-Rosa Luna builder Neptun Werft , is located in Rostock. , is in the Germany. The leader of , is Andreas Voßkuhle. The capital of , is Berlin.
Atlas II country Origin United States Americans are from ,. The capital of , is Washington, D.C.. The English language is spoken in ,. Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in the ,.
Abel Hernández played youth football for Peñarol. , plays for Central Español. , plays for U.S. Città di Palermo. The manager of , is Jorge Orosmán da Silva. , play in Uruguayan Segunda División
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia. , plays for FC Torpedo Moscow. , plays for Soviet Union national football team. The leader of , is Valentina Matviyenko. The manager of , is Valery Petrakov.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv. , plays for Olympique Lyonnais. The manager of , is Oleh Luzhny. Jean-Michel Aulas is the chairman of ,. ,'s ground is in Parc Olympique Lyonnais.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.C. Milan. , position football Defender , plays for U.C. Sampdoria. , play in Serie A The manager of , is Siniša Mihajlović.
Alessio Romagnoli currentclub A.C. Milan , plays for Italy national under-17 football team. , plays for U.C. Sampdoria. The manager of , is Siniša Mihajlović. Silvio Berlusconi is the chairman of ,.
Abel Hernández played youth football for Central Español. , plays for Uruguay national football team. , plays for U.S. Città di Palermo. , play in Uruguayan Segunda División The manager of , is Giuseppe Iachini.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow. , plays for FC Amkar Perm. Sergey Rodionov is the chairman of ,. ,'s ground is in Otkrytiye Arena. The manager of , is Gadzhi Gadzhiyev.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow. , plays for FC Terek Grozny. Sergey Rodionov is the chairman of ,. ,'s ground is in Grozny. The manager of , is Rashid Rakhimov.
Aleksandr Prudnikov played youth football for FC Spartak Moscow. , plays for FC Terek Grozny. , plays for FC Dynamo Moscow. ,'s ground is in Grozny. The manager of , is Rashid Rakhimov.
Aleksandr Chumakov was born in Soviet Union. , plays for FC Torpedo Moscow. , plays for Soviet Union national football team. , played in the 2014–15 Russian Premier League season. The manager of , is Valery Petrakov.
Akeem Adams plays for Ferencvárosi TC. , plays for United Petrotrin F.C.. The manager of , is Thomas Doll. Gábor Kubatov is the chairman of ,. ,'s ground is in Palo Seco.
Akeem Adams plays for Ferencvárosi TC. , plays for United Petrotrin F.C.. The manager of , is Thomas Doll. Gábor Kubatov is the chairman of ,. ,'s ground is in Palo Seco Velodrome.
19255 1994 VK8 epoch 2006-12-31 , mass kilograms 5.6 , orbital Period 8788850000.0 , periapsis 6155910000000.0 , apoapsis kilometres 6603633000.0
101 Helena discoverer James Craig Watson , discovered 1868-08-15 University of Michigan is ,'s almaMater. The nationality of , is Canada. , died in Madison, Wisconsin.
101 Helena discoverer James Craig Watson University of Michigan is ,'s almaMater. , state Of Origin Canada , died in Madison, Wisconsin. , death Cause Peritonitis
1036 Ganymed discoverer Walter Baade , died in Göttingen. , was born in German Empire. University of Göttingen is ,'s almaMater. , doctoral Student Allan Sandage
1036 Ganymed discoverer Walter Baade , doctoral Student Halton Arp , doctoral Student Allan Sandage , was born in German Empire. University of Göttingen is ,'s almaMater.
1036 Ganymed discoverer Walter Baade The nationality of , is Germany. , was born in German Empire. University of Göttingen is ,'s almaMater. , doctoral Student Allan Sandage
103 Hera discoverer James Craig Watson , discovered 1868-09-07 University of Michigan is ,'s almaMater. The nationality of , is Canada. , died in Madison, Wisconsin.
103 Hera discoverer James Craig Watson , periapsis kilometres 371240000.0 University of Michigan is ,'s almaMater. The nationality of , is Canada. , died in Madison, Wisconsin.
107 Camilla discoverer B. Zellner , orbital Period days 2368.05 , periapsis kilometres 479343000.0 , epoch 2006-12-31 , apoapsis kilometres 560937000.0
107 Camilla discoverer C. Woods , orbital Period days 2368.05 , periapsis kilometres 479343000.0 , epoch 2006-12-31 , apoapsis kilometres 560937000.0
107 Camilla discoverer F. Vilas , epoch 2006-12-31 , orbital Period days 2368.05 , periapsis kilometres 479343000.0 , apoapsis kilometres 560937000.0
107 Camilla discoverer N. R. Pogson , absolute Magnitude 7.08 , died in Chennai. , was born in Nottingham. The nationality of , is England.
1089 Tama epoch 2005-11-26 , escape Velocity kilometre Per Seconds 0.0068 , was formerly called the A919 HA; 1927 WB;. , orbital Period days 1202.846 , apoapsis kilometres 373513000.0
1101 Clematis epoch 2006-12-31 , escape Velocity kilometre Per Seconds 0.02 , mass kilograms 5.7 , orbital Period 183309000.0 , apoapsis kilometres 520906000.0
11264 Claudiomaccone epoch 2005-11-26 , orbital Period days 1513.722 , periapsis kilometres 296521000.0 , apoapsis kilometres 475426000.0 , temperature kelvins 173.0
Abdul Taib Mahmud Noord is part of Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. , is from the Asajaya region. , resides in the Kuching. , was born in Miri, Malaysia. , was born on the 15th of March 1936-05-21.
Abdul Taib Mahmud successor Adenan Satem , Noord is part of Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. , was born in Kingdom of Sarawak. , resides in the Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching, Sarawak. University of Adelaide is ,'s almaMater.
Abdulsalami Abubakar in Office While Vice President Mike Akhigbe , active Years End Date 1999-05-29 , predecessor Oladipo Diya , military Branch Nigerian Navy , successor Atiku Abubakar
Abdulsalami Abubakar successor Olusegun Obasanjo , in Office While Vice President Mike Akhigbe , active Years End Date 1999-05-29 , military Branch Nigerian Army , predecessor Oladipo Diya
The nationality of Abraham A. Ribicoff is United States. , Noord is part of United States Democratic Party. , was born in Connecticut. , office (worked At, worked As) Governor of Connecticut
Abraham A. Ribicoff office (worked At, worked As) United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare , Noord is part of United States Democratic Party. , died in New York City. , was born in Connecticut. The nationality of , is United States.
Abraham A. Ribicoff spouse Casey Ribicoff , was born in Connecticut. The nationality of , is United States. , died in New York. Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in the ,.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent. , office (worked At, worked As) Member of Parliament for Gravesham , active Years Start Date 2005-05-05 , military Branch Grenadier Guards Magdalene College, Cambridge is ,'s almaMater.
Adam Holloway Noord is part of UK Conservative Party. , was born in Faversham, Kent, England. , active Years Start Date 2005-05-05 , military Branch Grenadier Guards Magdalene College, Cambridge is ,'s almaMater.
Adonis Georgiadis in Office While Prime Minister Antonis Samaras , was born in Greece. , was born in Athens. , successor Makis Voridis , in Office While Prime Minister Konstantinos Mitsotakis
The nationality of Agnes Kant is Netherlands. , office (worked At, worked As) Netherlands House of Representatives The leader of , is Mark Rutte.
The nationality of Agnes Kant is Netherlands. , office (worked At, worked As) Netherlands House of Representatives , resides in the Doesburg. The leader of , is Mark Rutte. The leader of , is Khadija Arib.
The nationality of Agnes Kant is Netherlands. , resides in the Doesburg. The leader of , is Mark Rutte.
Albert B. White birth Year 1856 , death Year 1941 , was born on the 15th of March 1856-09-22. , died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. The architect , in 1941-07-03, Texas.
Albert B. White spouse Agnes Ward White , was born in Cleveland. , died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. , successor William M. O. Dawson , was born in Bloomington, Maryland.
Albert B. White spouse Agnes Ward White , successor William M. O. Dawson , office (worked At, worked As) Governor of West Virginia , was born in Cleveland. , active Years End Date 1905-03-04
Albert B. White successor William M. O. Dawson , Noord is part of United States Republican Party. , was born in Cleveland. , active Years End Date 1905-03-04 , active Years Start Date 1901-03-04
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires. , in Office While President Juan Perón The leader of , is Horacio Rodríguez Larreta. , spouse Eva Perón , Noord is part of Argentina Labour Party.
Alberto Teisaire office (worked At, worked As) Provisional President of the Argentine Senate , profession Rear admiral , successor Isaac Rojas , was born in Mendoza, Argentina. , was born on the 15th of March 1891-05-20.
Alfons Gorbach died in Styria. , Noord is part of Austrian People's Party. , died in Graz. , was born in state Tyrol. , was born in Austria.
Alfons Gorbach died in Styria. , Noord is part of Austrian People's Party. , died in Graz. , was born in state Tyrol. , was born in Imst.
Alvah Sabin active Years End Date 1857-03-03 , is from the Vermont's 3rd congressional district region. , is in Vermont. , died in Sycamore, Illinois. The largest city in , is Burlington, Vermont.
Alvah Sabin is from the Vermont's 3rd congressional district region. , was born in Georgia, Vermont. , is in Vermont. , died in Sycamore, Illinois. The largest city in , is Burlington, Vermont.
Alfred Moore Scales is in the United States. One of the noted , battles was the Battle of Gettysburg. Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in the ,. , is Part Of Military Conflict American Civil War , was commanded by Jefferson Davis.
Alfred Moore Scales is in the United States. One of the noted , battles was the Siege of Petersburg. Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in the ,. , is Part Of Military Conflict American Civil War , was commanded by Jefferson Davis.
The nationality of Alberto Teisaire is Argentina. , in Office While President Juan Perón The Spanish language is spoken in ,. , spouse Eva Perón , Noord is part of Argentina Labour Party.
Aaron Bertram associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kids Imagine Nation , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Suburban Legends Alcatraz , is in the genre of Ska punk. , band Member trombonist Brian Robertson , stylistic Origin Punk rock
Alcatraz Aaron Deer is in the genre of Indie rock. , origin United States , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Wee Giant , background solo singer , origin Indiana
Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist Old Man Gloom , associated Band/associated Musical Artist band Lotus Eaters Alcatraz , is in the genre of Black metal. , origin United States , active Years Start Year 1995
Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist band Twilight , associated Band/associated Musical Artist band Lotus Eaters Alcatraz , is in the genre of Sludge metal. , origin Massachusetts , active Years Start Year 1995
Abradab associated Band/associated Musical Artist rapper Magik , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kaliber 44 , was born in Katowice. , was born in Poland. , was born on the 15th of March 1978-11-12.
Ace Wilder background solo singer , birth Year 1982 , was a Singing. , was born in Sweden. , was born on the 15th of March 1982-07-23.
Ace Wilder background solo singer , birth Year 1982 , was a Songwriter. , was born in Stockholm. , was born on the 15th of March 1982-07-23.
Alcatraz Ace Wilder is in the genre of Hip hop music. , music Subgenre Gangsta rap , stylistic Origin Funk , derivative Drum and bass , stylistic Origin Disco
Alcatraz Ace Wilder is in the genre of Hip hop music. , was born in Sweden. , stylistic Origin Funk , derivative Drum and bass , stylistic Origin Disco
NRBQ band Al Anderson associated Band/associated Musical Artist NRBQ , associated Band/associated Musical Artist The Wildweeds , was born in Windsor, Connecticut. Alcatraz , is in the genre of Rock music. , active Years Start Year 1966
NRBQ band Al Anderson associated Band/associated Musical Artist NRBQ , instrument Guitar Alcatraz , is in the genre of Rock music. , music Fusion Genre music Bhangra , stylistic Origin Country music
Alan Frew was a Musician. , origin Canada , was born in Coatbridge. , origin Newmarket, Ontario , background solo singer
Aleksandra Kovač background solo singer , birth Year 1972 , was born in Socialist Republic of Serbia. Alcatraz , is in the genre of Pop music. , music Fusion Genre Disco
Alcatraz Aleksandra Kovač is in the genre of Rhythm and blues. , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kovač sisters duo K2 , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kornelije Kovač , background solo singer , active Years Start Year 1990
Alfred Garth Jones died in London. , was born in England. The nationality of , is United Kingdom. , was born in Manchester. , birth Year 1872
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup. , died in London. , was born in Manchester. , is led by the European Parliament. The leader of , is Boris Johnson.
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup. , died in London. , was born in Manchester. , is led by the European Parliament. The leader of , is UK Labour Party.
Alison O'Donnell associated Band/associated Musical Artist Flibbertigibbet , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Mellow Candle Alcatraz , is in the genre of Folk music of Ireland. , record Label Floating World Records , active Years Start Year 1963
Alcatraz Alison O'Donnell is in the genre of Jazz. , record Label Deram Records , record Label Stanyan Records , derivative Funk , is located in London.
Alcatraz Alison O'Donnell is in the genre of Jazz. , instrument Autoharp , derivative Funk , music Fusion Genre Afrobeat , stylistic Origin Folk music
Alcatraz Alison O'Donnell is in the genre of Jazz. , instrument Voice, bodhrán, percussion, autoharp , stylistic Origin Blues , derivative Funk , music Fusion Genre Afrobeat
Allen Forrest birth Year 1981 Alcatraz , is in the genre of Acoustic music. , was born in Dothan, Alabama. , background solo singer , was born in Fort Campbell.
Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Billy Iuso , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars Alcatraz , is in the genre of Rock music. , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Galactic , active Years Start Year 1989
Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Galactic , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Tab Benoit Alcatraz , is in the genre of Blues. , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Billy Iuso , active Years Start Year 1989
singer Andra birth Year 1986 Alcatraz , is in the genre of Dance-pop. , was born in Câmpia Turzii. , background solo singer , was a singer, Reality television judge.
Alcatraz singer Andra is in the genre of Rhythm and blues. , background solo singer , birth Year 1986 , was a Singing. , was born in Romania.
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Armin van Buuren , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Bobina , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Armin Van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano, Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose, Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin, Alexandra Badoi Alcatraz , is in the genre of Trance music. , stylistic Origin Pop music
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Christian Burns Alcatraz , is in the genre of Trance music. , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Armin van Buuren , was born in Chișinău, Moldova. , active Years Start Year 2009
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Jwaydan Moyine , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Bobina Alcatraz , is in the genre of Trance music. , was born in Chișinău, Moldova. , active Years Start Year 2009
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Jwaydan Moyine , instrument String instrument , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Christian Burns Alcatraz , is in the genre of Trance music. , associated Band/associated Musical Artist John Digweed
musician Andrew White associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kaiser Chiefs , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Marry Banilow , record Label B-Unique Records , record Label Polydor Records , active Years Start Year 2003
Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell. Alcatraz , is in the genre of Hip hop music. , stylistic Origin Disco , stylistic Origin Funk , derivative Drum and bass
Alcatraz Allen Forrest is in the genre of Hip hop music. , birth Year 1981 , stylistic Origin Disco , stylistic Origin Funk , derivative Drum and bass
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup. , died in London. , was born in Manchester. , is led by the Parliament of the United Kingdom. The leader of , is UK Labour Party.
Agustín Barboza was born in Asunción. , died in Paraguay. Mestizo are an ethnic group in the ,. The leader of , is Juan Afara. The Spanish language is spoken in ,.
Alcatraz musician Andrew White is in the genre of Alternative rock. , record Label B-Unique Records , record Label Polydor Records , music Fusion Genre Nu metal , is located in London.
musician Andrew White record Label Polydor Records , record Label defunct record label Universal Records Alcatraz , is in the genre of Alternative rock. , is located in London. , music Fusion Genre Nu metal
NRBQ band Al Anderson instrument Guitar Alcatraz , is in the genre of Rock music. , music Fusion Genre music Bhangra , stylistic Origin Country music , stylistic Origin Blues
Alcatraz NRBQ band Al Anderson is in the genre of Rock music. , stylistic Origin Blues , music Fusion Genre music Bhangra , stylistic Origin Country music , instrument Banjo
Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist band Twilight , associated Band/associated Musical Artist Old Man Gloom , instrument Electric guitar Alcatraz , is in the genre of Black metal. , music Fusion Genre Death metal
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo. , is in the Uruguay. The leader of , is politician Daniel Martínez. The leader of , is Raúl Fernando Sendic Rodríguez. The Spanish language is spoken in ,.
