abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas . (id1)
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . (id2)
18l / 36r is the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport . (id3)
the icao location identifier of afonso pena international airport is sbct . (id4)
afonso pena international airport serves the city of curitiba . (id5)
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah . (id6)
the runway length of al - taqaddum air base is 3684 . 0 . (id7)
14 / 32 is the runway name of alderney airport . (id8)
the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 3360 . 12 . (id9)
angola amsterdam airport schiphol airport 1st runway is number 18 . (id10)
amsterdam airport schiphol 5th runway surfacetype asphalt (id11)
06 / 24 ' kaagbaan ' is the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol . (id12)
andrews county airport is elevated 973 . 0 metres above sea level . (id13)
andrews county airport is owned by andrews county , texas . (id14)
the runway length of andrews county airport is 896 . 0 . (id15)
the 1st runway at angola international airport airport is made from asphalt . (id16)
antwerp international airport is elevated 12 . 0 metres above sea level . (id17)
antwerp international airport is operated by flemish government . (id18)
the runway length of appleton international airport is 2439 . 0 . (id19)
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 518 . 0 . (id20)
the icao location identifier of ashgabat international airport is utaa . (id21)
11 / 29 is the runway name of ashgabat international airport . (id22)
atlantic city international airport is owned by south jersey transportation authority . (id23)
13 / 31 is the runway name of atlantic city international airport . (id24)
dutch language is spoken in belgium . (id25)
curitiba is part of south region , brazil . (id26)
danes denmark (id27)
fallujah is located in iraq . (id28)
greenville , wisconsin is located in united states . (id29)
greenville , wisconsin is part of grand chute , wisconsin . (id30)
arabic is spoken in iraq . (id31)
madrid is located in spain . (id32)
maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is part of united states . (id33)
sardar ayaz sadiq is the leader of pakistan . (id34)
port authority of new york and new jersey the new jersey region . (id35)
houston is the largest city in texas . (id36)
one of the noted united states air force air force battles was the 1986 united states bombing of libya of grenada . (id37)
boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft in the united states air force air force . (id38)
the runway length of aarhus airport is 2777 . 0 . aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s . (id39)
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is elevated 610 . 0 metres above sea level . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . (id40)
the runway length of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is 3500 . 0 . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . (id41)
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh . uttar pradesh is part of awadh . (id42)
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq . the runway length of al asad airbase is 3090 . 0 . (id43)
al asad airbase is located in iraq . arabic is spoken in iraq . (id44)
al asad airbase is operated by united states air force . one of the noted united states air force air force battles was the invasion of grenada of grenada . (id45)
the 1st runway at alderney airport airport is made from poaceae . poaceae class is monocotyledon . (id46)
the runway length of alderney airport is 877 . 0 . the 1st runway at alderney airport airport is made from asphalt . (id47)
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan . anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan . (id48)
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan . the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 2900 . 0 . (id49)
the length of the first runway amsterdam airport schiphol is 3800 metres . amsterdam airport schiphol is elevated - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level . (id50)
the 1st runway at amsterdam airport schiphol airport is made from asphalt . amsterdam airport schiphol is elevated - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level . (id51)
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam . the runway length of amsterdam airport schiphol is 2014 . 0 . (id52)
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam . the runway length of amsterdam airport schiphol is 3300 . 0 . (id53)
andrews county airport is located in texas . houston is the largest city in texas . (id54)
the runway length of angola international airport is 3800 . 0 . angola international airport serves the city of luanda . (id55)
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 597 . 0 . ardmore ardmore airport ( new zealand ) 3rd runway surface type is poaceae . (id56)
the length of the first runway at ashgabat international airport is 12467 feet . ashgabat international airport is elevated 211 metres above sea level . (id57)
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines . turkmenistan airlines is headquartered at jinnah turkmenistan airport . (id58)
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey . egg harbor township , new jersey is located in united states . (id59)
atlantic city international airport is operated by port authority of new york and new jersey . 4 / 22 is the runway name of atlantic city international airport . (id60)
the runway length of atlantic city international airport is 3048 . 0 . atlantic city international airport is operated by port authority of new york and new jersey . (id61)
infraero is located in brasilia . afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero . (id62)
the runway length of aarhus airport is 2776 . 0 . aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s . 10r / 28l is the runway name of aarhus airport . (id63)
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york . the runway length of adirondack regional airport is 2003 . 0 . adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york . (id64)
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama . paracuellos de jarama is located in spain . paracuellos de jarama is part of community of madrid . (id65)
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh . agra airport is operated by indian air force . the icao location identifier of agra airport is viag . (id66)
al asad airbase is operated by united states air force . al asad airbase is located in iraq . the runway length of al asad airbase is 3992 . 88 . (id67)
al asad airbase is operated by united states air force . united states air force air force aircraft fighter mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle one of the noted united states air force air force battles was the 1986 united states bombing of libya of grenada . (id68)
al asad airbase is operated by united states air force . one of the noted united states air force air force battles was the invasion of grenada of grenada . united states air force air force aircraft fighter mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle (id69)
the 1st runway at alderney airport airport is made from poaceae . the runway length of alderney airport is 877 . 0 . alderney airport serves the city of alderney . (id70)
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan . allama iqbal international airport is operated by pakistan civil aviation authority . pakistan civil aviation authority is headquartered at jinnah jinnah international airport airport . (id71)
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan . 18l / 36r is the runway name of allama iqbal international airport . the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 2900 . 0 . (id72)
alpena county regional airport is elevated 210 metres above sea level . alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan . maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is located in united states . (id73)
andrews county airport is located in texas . the runway length of andrews county airport is 1773 . 0 . andrews county airport is elevated 973 . 0 metres above sea level . (id74)
andrews county airport is located in texas . the runway length of andrews county airport is 896 . 0 . andrews county airport is elevated 973 . 0 metres above sea level . (id75)
andrews county airport is located in texas . austin , texas is the capital of texas . english language is spoken in texas . (id76)
andrews county airport is located in texas . tejano texas texas is located in united states . (id77)
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp . german language is spoken in belgium . antwerp is located in belgium . (id78)
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey . egg harbor township , new jersey is located in united states . egg harbor township , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey . (id79)
atlantic city international airport is operated by port authority of new york and new jersey . port authority of new york and new jersey the new jersey region . port authority of new york and new jersey is headquartered at jinnah four world trade center airport . (id80)
the runway length of atlantic city international airport is 3048 . 0 . atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey . egg harbor township , new jersey is located in united states . (id81)
lahore is located in pakistan . allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore . anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan . (id82)
madrid is part of community of madrid . the leader party at madrid is the peoples ahora madrid . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid . (id83)
the leader party at madrid is the peoples ahora madrid . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid . madrid is located in spain . (id84)
the leader party at san sebastian de los reyes is the peoples people ' s party ( spain ) . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes . san sebastian de los reyes is located in spain . (id85)
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas . the runway length of abilene regional airport is 2194 . 0 . abilene regional airport is elevated 546 metres above sea level . 17l / 35r is the runway name of abilene regional airport . (id86)
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york . the runway length of adirondack regional airport is 2003 . 0 . adirondack regional airport is elevated 507 metres above sea level . adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york . (id87)
18l / 36r is the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport . the runway length of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is 3500 . 0 . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is operated by enaire . (id88)
agra airport is located in india . agra airport is operated by indian air force . agra agra airport iata location identifier is agr . the icao location identifier of agra airport is viag . (id89)
al asad airbase is operated by united states air force . al asad airbase is located in iraq . the runway length of al asad airbase is 3990 . 0 . 08 / 26 is the runway name of al asad airbase . (id90)
al asad airbase is operated by united states air force . the runway length of al asad airbase is 3990 . 0 . al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq . 09r / 27l is the runway name of al asad airbase . (id91)
al asad airbase is operated by united states air force . one of the noted united states air force air force battles was the invasion of grenada of grenada . lockheed ac - 130 can be found on united states air force . united states air force air force aircraft fighter mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle (id92)
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan . the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 2900 . 0 . allama iqbal international airport is operated by pakistan civil aviation authority . allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore . (id93)
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam . 09 / 27 ' buitenveldertbaan ' is the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol . the runway length of amsterdam airport schiphol is 2014 . 0 . amsterdam airport schiphol is elevated - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level . (id94)
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam . 18l / 36r ' aalsmeerbaan ' is the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol . the runway length of amsterdam airport schiphol is 2014 . 0 . amsterdam airport schiphol is elevated - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level . (id95)
andrews county airport is located in texas . the runway length of andrews county airport is 929 . 0 . andrews county airport serves the city of andrews , texas . andrews county airport is elevated 973 . 0 metres above sea level . (id96)
andrews county airport is located in texas . austin , texas is the capital of texas . tejano texas texas is located in united states . (id97)
andrews county airport is located in texas . austin , texas is the capital of texas . english language is spoken in texas . texas is located in united states . (id98)
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo . icolo e bengo is located in angola . angola international airport serves the city of luanda . icolo e bengo is part of luanda province . (id99)
antwerp international airport is operated by flemish government . antwerp international airport is owned by flemish region . antwerp international airport is elevated 12 . 0 metres above sea level . the runway length of antwerp international airport is 600 . 0 . (id100)
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines . turkmenistan airlines is headquartered at jinnah turkmenistan airport . the hub airport for turkmenistan airlines airlines is turkmenbashi international airport airport . turkmenistan airlines is headquartered at jinnah ashgabat airport . (id101)
athens international airport serves the city of athens . athens international airport is located in spata . athens international airport is elevated 94 metres above sea level . the runway length of athens international airport is 3800 . 0 . (id102)
atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city , new jersey . atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey . egg harbor township , new jersey is located in united states . don guardian is the leader of atlantic city , new jersey . (id103)
atlantic city international airport is owned by south jersey transportation authority . stephen dilts is the leader of south jersey transportation authority . atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey . egg harbor township , new jersey is located in united states . (id104)
charles michel is the leader of belgium . antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp . german language is spoken in belgium . antwerp is located in belgium . (id105)
philippe of belgium is the leader of belgium . antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp . french language is spoken in belgium . antwerp is located in belgium . (id106)
harrietstown , new york is located in united states . saranac lake , new york is part of harrietstown , new york . saranac lake , new york is part of essex county , new york . adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york . (id107)
kurdish languages is spoken in iraq . fuad masum is the leader of iraq . al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah . fallujah is located in iraq . (id108)
haider al - abadi is the leader of iraq . kurdish languages is spoken in iraq . al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah . fallujah is located in iraq . (id109)
lahore is located in pakistan . allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan . allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore . malik muhammad rafique rajwana is the leader of punjab , pakistan . (id110)
poaceae belongs to the division of flowering plant . the 1st runway at alderney airport airport is made from poaceae . poaceae belongs to the order of commelinids . poaceae class is monocotyledon . (id111)
aarhus airport is located in tirstrup . tirstrup is located in denmark . tirstrup is part of central denmark region . margrethe ii of denmark is the leader of denmark . faroese language is spoken in denmark . (id112)
the runway length of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is 4100 . 0 . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is elevated 610 . 0 metres above sea level . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is operated by enaire . 14l / 32r is the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport . (id113)
agra airport is located in india . the runway length of agra airport is 1818 . 0 . agra airport is operated by indian air force . agra airport is elevated 167 . 94 metres above sea level . the icao location identifier of agra airport is viag . (id114)
al asad airbase is operated by united states air force . al asad airbase is located in iraq . the runway length of al asad airbase is 3990 . 0 . the icao location identifier of al asad airbase is oraa . 08 / 26 is the runway name of al asad airbase . (id115)
al asad airbase is operated by united states air force . the runway length of al asad airbase is 3992 . 88 . al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq . the icao location identifier of al asad airbase is oraa . 08 / 26 is the runway name of al asad airbase . (id116)
al asad airbase is operated by united states air force . lockheed ac - 130 can be found on united states air force . boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft in the united states air force air force . united states air force air force aircraft fighter general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon one of the noted united states air force air force battles was the 1986 united states bombing of libya of grenada . (id117)
al asad airbase is operated by united states air force . one of the noted united states air force air force battles was the invasion of grenada of grenada . lockheed ac - 130 can be found on united states air force . lockheed c - 130 hercules is a transport aircraft in the united states air force air force . one of the noted united states air force air force battles was the operation enduring freedom of grenada . (id118)
the 1st runway at alderney airport airport is made from poaceae . the runway length of alderney airport is 733 . 0 . alderney airport serves the city of alderney . alderney airport is elevated 88 . 0 metres above sea level . 08 / 26 is the runway name of alderney airport . (id119)
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan . the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 3310 . 0 . allama iqbal international airport is operated by pakistan civil aviation authority . allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore . 18l / 36r is the runway name of allama iqbal international airport . (id120)
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan . the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 2900 . 0 . allama iqbal international airport is operated by pakistan civil aviation authority . allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore . 18r / 36l is the runway name of allama iqbal international airport . (id121)
alpena county regional airport is elevated 210 metres above sea level . the runway length of alpena county regional airport is 1533 . 0 . alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan . maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is located in united states . alpena county regional airport serves the city of alpena , michigan . (id122)
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan . the runway length of alpena county regional airport is 1533 . 0 . alpena county regional airport serves the city of alpena , michigan . alpena county regional airport is elevated 210 metres above sea level . 7 / 25 is the runway name of alpena county regional airport . (id123)
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan . the runway length of alpena county regional airport is 2744 . 0 . alpena county regional airport serves the city of alpena , michigan . alpena county regional airport is elevated 210 metres above sea level . 1 / 19 is the runway name of alpena county regional airport . (id124)
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan . wilson township , alpena county , michigan is located in united states . alpena county regional airport is elevated 210 metres above sea level . the runway length of alpena county regional airport is 1533 . 0 . alpena county regional airport serves the city of alpena , michigan . (id125)
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo . angola international airport serves the city of luanda . angola international airport is elevated 159 metres above sea level . 05l / 23r is the runway name of angola international airport . the runway length of angola international airport is 3800 . 0 . (id126)
athens international airport serves the city of athens . athens is located in greece . alexis tsipras is the leader of greece . greek language is spoken in greece . nikos voutsis is the leader of greece . (id127)
athens international airport serves the city of athens . athens is located in greece . alexis tsipras is the leader of greece . greek language is spoken in greece . prokopis pavlopoulos is the leader of greece . (id128)
atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city , new jersey . egg harbor township , new jersey is part of new jersey . atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey . egg harbor township , new jersey is located in united states . don guardian is the leader of atlantic city , new jersey . (id129)
philippe of belgium is the leader of belgium . antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp . charles michel is the leader of belgium . antwerp is located in belgium . city of brussels is the capital of belgium . (id130)
egg harbor township , new jersey is part of new jersey . the icao location identifier of atlantic city international airport is kacy . atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey . egg harbor township , new jersey is located in united states . egg harbor township , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey . (id131)
harrietstown , new york is located in united states . saranac lake , new york is part of harrietstown , new york . lake placid , new york is part of new york . adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york . adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york . (id132)
harrietstown , new york is located in united states . saranac lake , new york is part of harrietstown , new york . saranac lake , new york is part of essex county , new york . adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york . adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york . (id133)
indian air force has an aircraft - capable helicopter known hal light combat helicopter . agra airport is located in uttar pradesh . uttar pradesh is part of awadh . agra airport is operated by indian air force . uttar pradesh is part of bundelkhand . (id134)
indian air force has an aircraft - capable helicopter known hal light combat helicopter . agra airport is located in uttar pradesh . ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh . agra airport is operated by indian air force . uttar pradesh is part of bundelkhand . (id135)
haider al - abadi is the leader of iraq . fuad masum is the leader of iraq . al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah . fallujah is located in iraq . arabic is spoken in iraq . (id136)
