the area code of albany , georgia , indiana is 229 .
albany , oregon is part of united states .
the albuquerque , new mexico , is led by the provincial mayor .
the albuquerque , new mexico , is led by the provincial new mexico house of representatives .
the albuquerque , new mexico , is led by the provincial new mexico senate .
amarillo , texas , texas has a total area of 233 . 9 ( square kilometres ) .
amarillo , texas is part of randall county , texas .
anderson , indiana is part of richland township , madison county , indiana .
angola , indiana , indiana is located at 324 . 0 above sea level .
the area code of antioch , california , indiana is 925 .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california .
arlington , texas , texas has a population density of 1472 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
the leader of atlanta is kasim reed .
atlantic city , new jersey , texas has a total area of 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
attica , indiana , indiana is located at 166 . 0 above sea level .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama .
auburn , washington , texas has a total area of 77 . 41 ( square kilometres ) .
austin , texas is part of texas .
spanish language is spoken in california .
dunwoody , georgia is the largest city in dekalb county , georgia .
fulton county , georgia is located in united states .
anderson , indiana is the county seat madison county , indiana , in indiana .
michigan is located in united states .
detroit is the largest city in michigan .
orange county , california is located in united states .
portland , oregon is the largest city in oregon .
fort worth , texas is the largest city in tarrant county , texas .
the leader of united states is barack obama .
united states house of representatives is located in united states capitol .
akron , ohio is located in united states . african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
albany , oregon is part of oregon . salem , oregon is the capital of oregon .
the albuquerque , new mexico , is led by the provincial united states house of representatives . albuquerque , new mexico is located in united states .
amarillo , texas is part of texas . amarillo , texas is located in united states .
anaheim , california is part of california . the anaheim , california , is led by the provincial united states house of representatives .
anaheim , california is part of orange county , california . orange county , california is located in united states .
anderson , indiana is part of adams township , madison county , indiana . adams township , madison county , indiana is located in united states .
antioch , california , indiana is located at 13 . 0 above sea level . antioch , california , texas has a total area of 75 . 324 ( square kilometres ) .
arlington , texas , indiana is located at 184 . 0 above sea level . arlington , texas , texas has a total area of 258 . 2 ( square kilometres ) .
arlington , texas is part of texas . texas is located in united states .
atlanta is located in united states . atlanta is part of georgia .
atlantic city , new jersey is located in united states . atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey .
atlantic city , new jersey is located in united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey . atlantic county , new jersey is located in united states .
atlantic city , new jersey , texas has a population density of 1421 . 2 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . atlantic city , new jersey , texas has a total area of 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington . pierce county , washington is located in united states .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . albany , oregon is part of united states .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . amarillo , texas is located in united states .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . albuquerque , new mexico is located in united states .
native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . albany , georgia is part of united states .
native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . auburn , alabama is located in united states .
english language is spoken in united states . akron , ohio is located in united states .
the united states , is led by the provincial president of the united states . albuquerque , new mexico is located in united states .
albany , georgia is part of dougherty county , georgia . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . albany , georgia is located in united states .
albuquerque , new mexico , texas has a population density of 1142 . 3 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . the albuquerque , new mexico , is led by the provincial new mexico senate . albuquerque , new mexico , texas has a total area of 490 . 9 ( square kilometres ) .
alpharetta , georgia is located in united states . african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia .
alpharetta , georgia is located in united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . alpharetta , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) .
alpharetta , georgia is located in united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states .
anaheim , anaheim , california has a utc offset of - 7 . the area code of anaheim , california , indiana is 657 , 714 . anaheim , california , texas has a total area of 131 . 6 ( square kilometres ) .
anaheim , california is part of california . the anaheim , california , is led by the provincial california state senate . california state senate is located in california state capitol .
anderson , indiana is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana . lafayette township , madison county , indiana is located in united states . anderson , indiana is part of indiana .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana . angola , indiana is located in united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california . contra costa county , california is part of san francisco bay area . the antioch , california , is led by the provincial united states house of representatives .
arlington , texas is part of tarrant county , texas . fort worth , texas is the county seat tarrant county , texas , in indiana . tarrant county , texas is located in united states .
atlanta is located in united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states .
atlanta , texas has a population density of 1299 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . the area code of atlanta , indiana is 404 . atlanta , texas has a total area of 347 . 1 ( square kilometres ) .
atlantic city , new jersey is located in united states . newark , new jersey is the largest city in new jersey . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey . atlantic county , new jersey is located in united states . new york city is the largest city in united states .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama . alabama is located in united states . auburn , alabama is part of alabama .
auburn , washington is part of washington ( state ) . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . washington ( state ) is located in united states .
auburn , washington is part of washington ( state ) . olympia , washington is the capital of washington ( state ) . washington ( state ) is located in united states .
atlanta is the capital of georgia ( u . s . state ) . albany , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) . albany , georgia is part of dougherty county , georgia .
madison county , indiana is located in united states . alexandria , indiana is part of madison county , indiana . anderson , indiana is the largest city in madison county , indiana .
trenton , new jersey is the capital of new jersey . new jersey is located in united states . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
english language is spoken in texas . arlington , texas is part of texas . houston is the largest city in texas .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . attica , indiana is located in united states . attica , indiana is part of fountain county , indiana .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . fountain county , indiana is located in united states . attica , indiana is part of fountain county , indiana .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . english language is spoken in united states . akron , ohio is located in united states .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . akron , ohio is located in united states . akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon . albany , oregon is located in united states .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . the leader of united states is barack obama . albuquerque , new mexico is located in united states .
english language is spoken in united states . albany , georgia is located in united states . african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
english language is spoken in united states . angola , indiana is located in united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
albany , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) . english language is spoken in united states . albany , georgia is located in united states . native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states .
the area code of albuquerque , new mexico , indiana is 505 , 575 . the land area , of albuquerque , new mexico ( new mexico ) , is 486 . 2 ( square kilometres ) . albuquerque , new mexico , texas has a total area of 490 . 9 ( square kilometres ) . albuquerque , new mexico , texas has a population density of 1142 . 3 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
alpharetta , georgia is located in united states . alpharetta , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) . alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia . atlanta is the county seat fulton county , georgia , in indiana .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas . potter county , texas is located in united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas . potter county , texas is located in the state of texas . amarillo , texas is located in united states . austin , texas is the capital of texas .
the anaheim , california , is led by the provincial california state assembly . anaheim , california is part of california . california state assembly is located in california state capitol . spanish language is spoken in california .
anderson , indiana , texas has a population density of 523 . 9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . anderson , indiana , texas has a total area of 107 . 43 ( square kilometres ) . anderson , indiana , indiana is located at 268 . 0 above sea level . anderson , indiana is part of adams , fall creek , lafayette , richland , union .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana . angola , indiana is located in united states . angola , indiana is part of indiana . angola , indiana , texas has a total area of 16 . 55 ( square kilometres ) .
anaheim , antioch , california has a utc offset of - 7 . antioch , california , ca has 102372 people inhabiting it . the area code of antioch , california , indiana is 925 . antioch , california , texas has a total area of 75 . 324 ( square kilometres ) .
atlantic city , new jersey , texas has a population density of 1421 . 2 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . the area code of atlantic city , new jersey , indiana is 609 . the atlantic city , new jersey , is led by the provincial mayors of atlantic city , new jersey . atlantic city , new jersey , texas has a total area of 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama . auburn , alabama is located in united states . lee county , alabama is located in the state of alabama . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama . lee county , alabama is located in united states . lee county , alabama is located in the state of alabama . african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . pierce county , washington is located in united states . auburn , washington is part of king county , washington .
auburn , washington is part of washington ( state ) . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . auburn , washington is located in united states . auburn , washington is part of king county , washington .
austin , texas is part of texas . houston is the largest city in texas . san marcos , texas is the county seat hays county , texas , in indiana . austin , texas is part of hays county , texas .
chinese language is spoken in california . the anaheim , california , is led by the provincial california state assembly . anaheim , california is part of california . california state assembly is located in california state capitol .
georgia ( u . s . state ) is located in united states . alpharetta , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) . alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia . atlanta is the county seat fulton county , georgia , in indiana .
indianapolis is the capital of indiana . anderson , indiana is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana . lafayette township , madison county , indiana is located in united states . anderson , indiana is part of indiana .
english language is spoken in texas . arlington , texas is part of texas . texas is located in united states . houston is the largest city in texas .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon . albany , oregon is located in united states . african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . new jersey is located in united states . new york city is the largest city in united states . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . the united states , is led by the provincial president of the united states . the leader of united states is barack obama . albuquerque , new mexico is located in united states .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . the albuquerque , new mexico , is led by the provincial new mexico senate . the leader of new mexico senate is john sanchez . albuquerque , new mexico is located in united states .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon . albany , oregon is located in united states .
native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . the leader of united states is barack obama . the albuquerque , new mexico , is led by the provincial mayor of albuquerque . albuquerque , new mexico is located in united states .
english language is spoken in united states . albany , georgia is located in united states . native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . albany , georgia is part of united states .
english language is spoken in united states . angola , indiana is part of indiana . angola , indiana is located in united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
english language is spoken in united states . angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana . angola , indiana is located in united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
albany , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) . the united states , is led by the provincial president of the united states . americans united states asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . albany , georgia is located in united states .
alpharetta , georgia is located in united states . native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . atlanta is the largest city in fulton county , georgia . alpharetta , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) . alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas . potter county , texas is located in the state of texas . texas is located in united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . english language is spoken in united states .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas . english language is spoken in texas . potter county , texas is located in the state of texas . amarillo , texas is located in united states . austin , texas is the capital of texas .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas . english language is spoken in texas . potter county , texas is located in the state of texas . potter county , texas is located in united states . austin , texas is the capital of texas .
anderson , indiana is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana . fall creek township , madison county , indiana is located in united states . anderson , indiana is part of anderson township , madison county , indiana . anderson , indiana , texas has a population density of 523 . 9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . anderson , indiana , texas has a total area of 107 . 43 ( square kilometres ) .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california . antioch , california is part of california . english language is spoken in california . contra costa county , california is part of san francisco bay area . the antioch , california , is led by the provincial california ' s 11th state assembly district .
the land area , of atlanta ( new mexico ) , is 344 . 9 ( square kilometres ) . atlanta , texas has a population density of 1299 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . the area code of atlanta , indiana is 404 . atlanta is part of dekalb county , georgia . atlanta , texas has a total area of 347 . 1 ( square kilometres ) .
attica , indiana is part of united states . attica , indiana , texas has a total area of 4 . 14 ( square kilometres ) . attica , indiana , indiana is located at 166 . 0 above sea level . attica , indiana is part of logan township , fountain county , indiana . attica , indiana , texas has a population density of 783 . 1 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama . alabama is located in united states . lee county , alabama is located in the state of alabama . african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington . auburn , washington is located in united states . auburn , washington is part of king county , washington . auburn , washington , texas has a population density of 914 . 8 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . auburn , washington , texas has a total area of 77 . 41 ( square kilometres ) .
austin , texas is part of texas . english language is spoken in texas . austin , texas is part of williamson county , texas . round rock , texas is the largest city in williamson county , texas . georgetown , texas is the county seat williamson county , texas , in indiana .
austin , texas is part of texas . houston is the largest city in texas . san marcos , texas is the county seat hays county , texas , in indiana . austin , texas is part of hays county , texas . english language is spoken in texas .
austin , texas is part of texas . houston is the largest city in texas . spanish language is spoken in texas . san marcos , texas is the county seat hays county , texas , in indiana . austin , texas is part of hays county , texas .
indianapolis is the capital of indiana . alexandria , indiana is part of indiana . indiana is located in united states . english americans is spoken in indiana . alexandria , indiana is part of madison county , indiana .
fort worth , texas is the county seat tarrant county , texas , in indiana . spanish language is spoken in texas . arlington , texas is part of tarrant county , texas . arlington , texas is part of texas . houston is the largest city in texas .
fort worth , texas is the largest city in tarrant county , texas . austin , texas is the capital of texas . arlington , texas is part of tarrant county , texas . arlington , texas is part of texas . texas is located in united states .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . white americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . new jersey is located in united states . new york city is the largest city in united states . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
americans united states washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . albany , oregon is located in united states . native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . albany , oregon is part of linn county , oregon .
americans united states asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . albany , oregon is part of oregon . albany , oregon is located in united states .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . english language is spoken in united states . angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana . americans united states angola , indiana is located in united states .
native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama . lee county , alabama is located in united states . lee county , alabama is located in the state of alabama . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states .
native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama . opelika , alabama is the county seat lee county , alabama , in indiana . lee county , alabama is located in united states . auburn , alabama is part of alabama .
native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . newark , new jersey is the largest city in new jersey . trenton , new jersey is the capital of new jersey . new jersey is located in united states . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
english language is spoken in united states . albuquerque , new mexico is part of new mexico . the united states , is led by the provincial president of the united states . the leader of united states is barack obama . albuquerque , new mexico is located in united states .
english language is spoken in united states . angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana . americans united states angola , indiana is located in united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
the leader of united states is barack obama . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . akron , ohio is located in united states . akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio .
the united states , is led by the provincial president of the united states . americans united states albany , georgia is located in united states . albany , georgia is part of united states . african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
