abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
18l / 36r is the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport .
the icao location identifier of afonso pena international airport is sbct .
afonso pena international airport serves the city of curitiba .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
the runway length of al - taqaddum air base is 3684 . 0 .
14 / 32 is the runway name of alderney airport .
the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 3360 . 12 .
angola amsterdam airport schiphol airport 1st runway is number 18 .
amsterdam airport schiphol 5th runway surfacetype asphalt
06 / 24 ' kaagbaan ' is the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol .
andrews county airport is elevated 973 . 0 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is owned by andrews county , texas .
the runway length of andrews county airport is 896 . 0 .
the 1st runway at angola international airport airport is made from asphalt .
antwerp international airport is elevated 12 . 0 metres above sea level .
antwerp international airport is operated by flemish government .
the runway length of appleton international airport is 2439 . 0 .
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 518 . 0 .
the icao location identifier of ashgabat international airport is utaa .
11 / 29 is the runway name of ashgabat international airport .
atlantic city international airport is owned by south jersey transportation authority .
13 / 31 is the runway name of atlantic city international airport .
dutch language is spoken in belgium .
curitiba is part of south region , brazil .
danes denmark
fallujah is located in iraq .
greenville , wisconsin is located in united states .
greenville , wisconsin is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
arabic is spoken in iraq .
madrid is located in spain .
maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is part of united states .
sardar ayaz sadiq is the leader of pakistan .
port authority of new york and new jersey the new jersey region .
houston is the largest city in texas .
one of the noted united states air force air force battles was the 1986 united states bombing of libya of grenada .
boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft in the united states air force air force .
11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
adams county , pennsylvania has to its southeast carroll county , maryland
the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
the azerbaijan , is led by the provincial prime minister of azerbaijan .
turk sehitleri aniti is the native name of baku turkish martyrs ' memorial .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa .
the architecture style of 250 delaware avenue falls under brutalist postmodern architecture .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago .
the architect of 320 south boston building is george winkler .
1910 was the start date for the building at 320 south boston building .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen numberofrooms 814
the architect of adare manor is james pain and george richard pain , .
adisham hall is located in haputale .
akita museum of art is located in japan .
alan b . miller hall is owned by college of william & mary .
amdavad ni gufa is located on lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
the architect of asilomar conference grounds is julia morgan .
asilomar conference grounds architecture arts and crafts movement and american craftsman bungalows
asilomar conference grounds was built in 1913 .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city .
buffalo , new york is part of erie county , new york .
byron brown is the leader of buffalo , new york .
county limerick is part of munster .
criona ni dhalaigh is the leader of dublin .
mulatu teshome is the leader of ethiopia .
indian people india
one of the significant buildings designed by julia morgan is the los angeles herald - examiner .
live nation entertainment is located in beverly hills , california .
manhattan is part of new york .
new york city is part of new netherland .
pacific grove , california is part of california .
white south african are an ethnic group in the united south africa .
elizabeth ii is the leader of united kingdom .
the isbn number of 1634 : the ram rebellion 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint .
1634 : the ram rebellion is available in print .
aids ( journal ) is located in united kingdom .
the oclc number of a glastonbury romance is 76798317 .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover .
english language is spoken in a long long way .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane .
the issn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg is 0025 - 5858 .
above the veil was written by garth nix .
above the veil is available in print .
the issn number of acta palaeontologica polonica is 0567 - 7920 .
the lccn number of addiction ( journal ) is 93645978 .
the academic discipline of addiction ( journal ) is addiction .
english language is spoken in aenir .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is located in united states .
english language is spoken in alcatraz versus the evil librarians .
the academic discipline of american journal of mathematics is mathematics .
english language is spoken in castle ( novel ) .
eric flint was born in burbank , california .
farrar , straus and giroux is the parent company of the macmillan publishers press .
one of john cowper powys notable works is oliver a glastonbury romance .
soho press is located in united states .
faber and faber is the publisher of the secret scripture .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
english language is spoken in united states .
weymouth sands by 1634 : the a glastonbury romance affair .
rolando maran manages a . c . chievo verona .
a . d . isidro metapan play in salvadoran primera division .
the full name of a . f . c . blackpool is " association football club blackpool " .
a . f . c . blackpool ground is in the mechanics , .
a . f . c . blackpool ground is in blackpool .
a . s . gubbio 1910 ground is in gubbio .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members .
aek athens f . c . ground is in athens .
aek athens f . c . played in the 2014 - 15 football league ( greece ) season .
azal arena is located in baku .
azal pfk play in azerbaijan premier league .
az alkmaar played in the 2014 - 15 eredivisie season .
akron , ohio is located in united states .
akron , ohio is located in summit county , ohio .
the full name of akron summit assault is " akron metro futbol club summit assault " .
the leader of amsterdam is eberhard van der laan .
christian panucci plays for chelsea f . c . .
christian panucci plays for inter milan .
frank de boer plays for fc barcelona .
gubbio is from the umbria region .
the leader of italy is sergio mattarella .
jens hartel plays for fc sachsen leipzig .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc dallas .
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio .
massimo drago plays for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
michele marcolini plays for atalanta b . c . .
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio .
peter stoger plays for 1 . fc koln .
rolando maran plays for f . c . bari 1908 .
marriott jong ajax is the tenant of sportpark de toekomst .
st . vincent - st . mary high school is located in united states .
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the state of alba .
the president of acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy .
kerala has to its northwest mahe , india
mendrisio neighboringmunicipality meride
bucharest is the capital of romania .
the dean of school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen botta .
there are 16000 students at school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university .
alan bean is from the united states states .
buzz aldrin was a backup pilot of apollo 8 12 .
massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 is buzz aldrin almamater .
buzz aldrin was a part of the crew of apollo 11 12 .
buzz aldrin was chosen by nasa in 1963 .
california gemstone benitoite
elliot see died on 1966 - 02 - 28 .
elliot see died in st . louis .
elliot see is deceased .
april o ' neil was created by kevin eastman .
bananaman broadcastedby bbc
the full name of ben urich is " benjamin urich " .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway .
the full name of bibbo bibbowski is " bo bibbowski " .
bill oddie was born in lancashire .
black pirate is also known as jon valor .
john buscema won the eisner award award .
karl kesel is from the americans states .
marv wolfman won the kirby award award .
peter laird is from the united states states .
scott adsit was born in northbrook , illinois .
the area code of albany , georgia , indiana is 229 .
albany , oregon is part of united states .
the albuquerque , new mexico , is led by the provincial mayor .
the albuquerque , new mexico , is led by the provincial new mexico house of representatives .
the albuquerque , new mexico , is led by the provincial new mexico senate .
amarillo , texas , texas has a total area of 233 . 9 ( square kilometres ) .
amarillo , texas is part of randall county , texas .
anderson , indiana is part of richland township , madison county , indiana .
angola , indiana , indiana is located at 324 . 0 above sea level .
the area code of antioch , california , indiana is 925 .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california .
arlington , texas , texas has a population density of 1472 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
the leader of atlanta is kasim reed .
atlantic city , new jersey , texas has a total area of 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
attica , indiana , indiana is located at 166 . 0 above sea level .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama .
auburn , washington , texas has a total area of 77 . 41 ( square kilometres ) .
austin , texas is part of texas .
spanish language is spoken in california .
dunwoody , georgia is the largest city in dekalb county , georgia .
fulton county , georgia is located in united states .
anderson , indiana is the county seat madison county , indiana , in indiana .
michigan is located in united states .
detroit is the largest city in michigan .
orange county , california is located in united states .
portland , oregon is the largest city in oregon .
fort worth , texas is the largest city in tarrant county , texas .
the leader of united states is barack obama .
united states house of representatives is located in united states capitol .
pecorino romano is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
white rice is an ingredient in arros negre .
arros negre is from the catalonia region .
arros negre is from the valencian community region .
ayam penyet is from the singapore region .
tomato is an ingredient in blt .
baked alaska is from the hong kong region .
bakewell pudding served warm or cold
bandeja paisa is located in colombian cuisine .
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region region .
barny cakes servingsize 30 . 0 g
batagor is a variation of shumai .
the main ingredients of batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
shrimp is an ingredient in batchoy .
beef kway teow is from the indonesia region .
bhajji is also known as bhaji , bajji .
taro is an ingredient in binignit .
bionico is a variation of cottage cheese .
bionico is from the jalisco region .
chicken class is bird .
the indian rupee is the currency in india .
sumitra mahajan is the leader of india .
indonesian language is spoken in indonesia .
aristoteles sandoval is the leader of jalisco .
banyumasan people are an ethnic group in the united java .
malaysian malay are an ethnic group in the united malaysia .
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico .
spanish language is spoken in new york .
shumai is located in china .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in siomay .
malays ( ethnic group ) are an ethnic group in the united sumatra .
david cameron is the leader of united kingdom .
11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 . 11th mississippi infantry monument falls under the category of contributing property .
14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the district of monocacy national battlefield . the city nearest monocacy national battlefield is frederick , maryland , maryland .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . turk sehitleri aniti is the native name of baku turkish martyrs ' memorial .
akron , ohio is located in united states . african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
albany , oregon is part of oregon . salem , oregon is the capital of oregon .
the albuquerque , new mexico , is led by the provincial united states house of representatives . albuquerque , new mexico is located in united states .
amarillo , texas is part of texas . amarillo , texas is located in united states .
anaheim , california is part of california . the anaheim , california , is led by the provincial united states house of representatives .
anaheim , california is part of orange county , california . orange county , california is located in united states .
anderson , indiana is part of adams township , madison county , indiana . adams township , madison county , indiana is located in united states .
antioch , california , indiana is located at 13 . 0 above sea level . antioch , california , texas has a total area of 75 . 324 ( square kilometres ) .
arlington , texas , indiana is located at 184 . 0 above sea level . arlington , texas , texas has a total area of 258 . 2 ( square kilometres ) .
arlington , texas is part of texas . texas is located in united states .
atlanta is located in united states . atlanta is part of georgia .
atlantic city , new jersey is located in united states . atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey .
atlantic city , new jersey is located in united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey . atlantic county , new jersey is located in united states .
atlantic city , new jersey , texas has a population density of 1421 . 2 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . atlantic city , new jersey , texas has a total area of 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington . pierce county , washington is located in united states .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . albany , oregon is part of united states .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . amarillo , texas is located in united states .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . albuquerque , new mexico is located in united states .
native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . albany , georgia is part of united states .
native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . auburn , alabama is located in united states .
english language is spoken in united states . akron , ohio is located in united states .
the united states , is led by the provincial president of the united states . albuquerque , new mexico is located in united states .
amatriciana sauce is located in italy . tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
arem - arem is located in indonesia . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia .
arrabbiata sauce is located in italy . italian language is spoken in italy .
arrabbiata sauce is located in italy . sergio mattarella is the leader of italy .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce . arrabbiata sauce is located in italy .
arros negre is from the valencian community region . arros negre is located in spain .
asam pedas is located in indonesia . the main ingredients of asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
ayam penyet is from the malaysia region . ayam penyet is located in indonesia .
blt is a variation of club sandwich . bacon sandwich is a variation of blt .
sausage is an ingredient in bacon explosion . the main ingredients of bacon explosion are bacon .
bacon sandwich is also known as bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin . bacon is an ingredient in bacon sandwich .
bacon sandwich is a variation of blt . bread is an ingredient in bacon sandwich .
baked alaska is located in france . sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska .
baked alaska is located in france . manuel valls is the leader of france .
baked alaska is located in united states . meringue is an ingredient in baked alaska .
bakewell pudding is a variation of bakewell tart . fruit preserves is an ingredient in bakewell tart .
bakso is located in indonesia . vermicelli is an ingredient in bakso .
celery is an ingredient in bakso . celery is part of the apiaceae family .
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa . bandeja paisa is located in colombian cuisine .
barny cakes is located in france . claude bartolone is the leader of france .
batagor is located in indonesia . peanut sauce is an ingredient in batagor .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in batagor . batagor is a variation of siomay .
beef kway teow is located in singapore . palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow .
beef kway teow is located in singapore . halimah yacob is the leader of singapore .
the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil . beef kway teow is located in singapore and indonesia .
bhajji is located in india . indian people india
bhajji is located in india . t . s . thakur is the leader of india .
binignit is located in philippines . igorot people are an ethnic group in the united philippines .
the main ingredients of binignit are banana . binignit is located in philippines .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato . banana is an ingredient in binignit .
bionico is located in mexico . enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico .
bionico is from the guadalajara region . granola is an ingredient in bionico .
dessert is a variation of cake . bionico is a dessert .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia . bakso is located in indonesia .
shiitake is an ingredient in shumai . batagor is a variation of shumai .
the runway length of aarhus airport is 2777 . 0 . aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is elevated 610 . 0 metres above sea level . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
the runway length of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is 3500 . 0 . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh . uttar pradesh is part of awadh .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq . the runway length of al asad airbase is 3090 . 0 .
al asad airbase is located in iraq . arabic is spoken in iraq .
al asad airbase is operated by united states air force . one of the noted united states air force air force battles was the invasion of grenada of grenada .
the 1st runway at alderney airport airport is made from poaceae . poaceae class is monocotyledon .
the runway length of alderney airport is 877 . 0 . the 1st runway at alderney airport airport is made from asphalt .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan . anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan . the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 2900 . 0 .
the length of the first runway amsterdam airport schiphol is 3800 metres . amsterdam airport schiphol is elevated - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level .
the 1st runway at amsterdam airport schiphol airport is made from asphalt . amsterdam airport schiphol is elevated - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam . the runway length of amsterdam airport schiphol is 2014 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam . the runway length of amsterdam airport schiphol is 3300 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas . houston is the largest city in texas .
the runway length of angola international airport is 3800 . 0 . angola international airport serves the city of luanda .
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 597 . 0 . ardmore ardmore airport ( new zealand ) 3rd runway surface type is poaceae .
the length of the first runway at ashgabat international airport is 12467 feet . ashgabat international airport is elevated 211 metres above sea level .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines . turkmenistan airlines is headquartered at jinnah turkmenistan airport .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey . egg harbor township , new jersey is located in united states .
atlantic city international airport is operated by port authority of new york and new jersey . 4 / 22 is the runway name of atlantic city international airport .
the runway length of atlantic city international airport is 3048 . 0 . atlantic city international airport is operated by port authority of new york and new jersey .
infraero is located in brasilia . afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero .
1 . fc magdeburg has 27250 members . 1 . fc magdeburg played in the 2014 - 15 regionalliga season .
a . c . chievo verona ground is in verona , italy . a . c . chievo verona has 39371 members .
rolando maran manages a . c . chievo verona . michele rolando maran was born in italy .
jorge humberto rodriguez manages a . d . isidro metapan . jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc dallas .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members . a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 - 15 a epsth , greece season .
stuart parker ( footballer ) manages a . f . c . blackpool . stuart parker ( footballer ) plays for blackburn rovers f . c . .
stuart parker ( footballer ) manages a . f . c . blackpool . stuart parker ( footballer ) plays for irlam town f . c . .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members . a . f . c . fylde ground is in lancashire .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members . a . s . gubbio 1910 ground is in gubbio .
a . s . livorno calcio ground is in livorno . a . s . livorno calcio play in serie b .
christian panucci manages a . s . livorno calcio . christian panucci plays for a . s . roma .
paulo sousa manages acf fiorentina . paulo sousa plays for juventus f . c . .
acf fiorentina has 47290 members . the full name of acf fiorentina is " acf fiorentina s . p . a . " .
aek athens f . c . ground is in greece . aek athens f . c . has 69618 members .
aek athens f . c . ground is in olympic stadium ( athens ) . aek athens f . c . play in superleague greece .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ground is in sportpark de toekomst . marriott jong ajax is the tenant of sportpark de toekomst .
azal pfk ground is in azal arena . azal pfk is located in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan .
akron summit assault played in the 2011 pdl season season . akron summit assault has 3000 members .
gubbio is from the umbria region . a . s . gubbio 1910 ground is in gubbio .
the leader of italy is pietro grasso . a . s . gubbio 1910 ground is in italy .
luciano spalletti plays for empoli f . c . . luciano spalletti manages a . s . roma .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by eric flint . 1634 : the bavarian crisis by 1634 : the the grantville gazettes affair .
1634 : the ram rebellion is available in e - book . 1634 : the ram rebellion was written by virginia demarce .
aip advances of math eissn number is 2158 . aip advances is abbreviated aip adv . . pol .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones . a fortress of grey ice is available in print .
a fortress of grey ice has 672 pages . the isbn number of a fortress of grey ice 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6
a glastonbury romance by 1634 : weymouth sands a glastonbury romance was written by john cowper powys .
the oclc number of a long long way is 57392246 . a long long way is available in print & paperback .
a long long way has 292 pages . the isbn number of a long long way 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4
viking press is the publisher of a long long way . viking press is the parent company of the penguin random house press .
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong . a loyal character dancer is available in print .
the oclc number of a severed wasp is 8805735 . the isbn number of a severed wasp 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8
the oclc number of a severed wasp is 8805735 . a severed wasp is available in hardcover .
english language is spoken in a severed wasp . english language is spoken in great great britain .
a severed wasp is available in print . the isbn number of a severed wasp 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8
springer science + business media is the publisher of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg . the founder of springer science + business media is julius springer .
the isbn number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 the literary genre of alcatraz versus the evil librarians the evil librarians is fantasy literature .
the oclc number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 78771100 . the isbn number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9
alcatraz versus the evil librarians by 1634 : alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones was written by brandon sanderson .
the academic discipline of american journal of mathematics is mathematics . american journal of mathematics is abbreviated am . j . math . . pol .
johns hopkins university press is the publisher of american journal of mathematics . johns hopkins university press is the parent company of the johns hopkins university press .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . 1634 : the ram rebellion is located in united states .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . a fortress of grey ice is located in united states .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . a fortress of grey ice is located in united states .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . a wizard of mars is located in united states .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . a wizard of mars is located in united states .
the nickname of 1 decembrie 1918 university is uab . 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the state of alba .
acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . visvesvaraya technological university is located in the city of belgaum .
the president of acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy . acharya institute of technology is located in the city of bangalore .
all india council for technical education was proud to give the technical campus status to acharya institute of technology . all india council for technical education is located in mumbai .
kochi is the leader of kerala . awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala .
april o ' neil was created by peter laird . peter laird is from the united states states .
bananaman broadcastedby bbc jill shilling starred in bananaman .
graeme garden starred in bananaman . bananaman broadcastedby stv
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman . tim brooke - taylor was born in derbyshire .
big hero 6 ( film ) 6 was baymax ' s first film appearance . alan tudyk starred in big hero 6 ( film ) .
big hero 6 ( film ) 6 was baymax ' s first film appearance . scott adsit starred in big hero 6 ( film ) .
baymax series big hero 6 ( film ) baymax was created by steven t . seagle .
ben urich was created by roger mckenzie ( comic book writer ) . the full name of ben urich is " benjamin urich " .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway . bibbo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman .
bibbo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman . the full name of bibbo bibbowski is " bo bibbowski " .
alan bean was born on 1932 - 03 - 15 . alan bean is retired .
alan shepard is deceased . alan shepard was a test test pilot .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz aldrin was born on 1930 - 01 - 20 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . glen ridge , new jersey is part of essex county , new jersey .
william anders was born in british hong kong . william anders was a part of the crew of apollo 8 12 .
william anders is retired . afit , m . s . 1962 is william anders almamater .
there are 50 floors at 108 st georges terrace . 108 st georges terrace was completed in 1988 .
there are 45 floors at 200 public square . 200 public square is located in united states .
there are 34 floors at 20 fenchurch street . 20 fenchurch street has a floor area of 62145 . 3 ( square metres ) .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago . there are 60 floors at 300 north lasalle .
the architect of 320 south boston building is george winkler . george winkler is located in united states .
3arena is located in east link bridge . the architect of 3arena is hok sve .
3arena is located in dublin . the architect of 3arena is populous ( company ) .
marriott marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen . ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in copenhagen .
the architect of adare manor is george richard pain . adare manor was completed in 1862 .
adare manor is located in adare . adare manor is located in county limerick .
addis ababa city hall is located in ethiopia . addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the architecture style of adisham hall falls under brutalist tudor revival architecture .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka . the architecture style of adisham hall falls under brutalist tudor revival architecture .
akita museum of art is located in japan . brazilians in japan are an ethnic group in the united japan .
there are 3 floors at akita museum of art . akita museum of art is located on 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat . amdavad ni gufa is located on lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
ampara hospital is located in the state of eastern province , sri lanka . austin fernando is the leader of eastern province , sri lanka .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city . new york city is located in united states .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city . new york city is part of brooklyn .
county limerick is part of munster . adare manor is located in county limerick .
dublin is part of republic of ireland . 3arena is located in dublin .
alan bean is from the united states states . alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . alan bean is retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz aldrin is from the united states states . joe biden is the leader of united states .
buzz aldrin is from the united states states . buzz aldrin was chosen by nasa in 1963 . massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 is buzz aldrin almamater .
university of texas at austin is elliot see almamater . elliot see was born in dallas . elliot see is from the united states states .
university of texas at austin is elliot see almamater . elliot see died in st . louis . elliot see was chosen by nasa in 1962 .
university of texas at austin is elliot see almamater . francis g . slay is the leader of st . louis . elliot see died in st . louis .
elliot see died in st . louis . st . louis is part of kingdom of france . elliot see died on 1966 - 02 - 28 .
the purple finch finch is a native bird to new new hampshire . alan shepard spent 13017 . 0 ( minutes ) in space . alan shepard was born in new hampshire .
1634 : the bavarian crisis has 448 pages . 1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by virginia demarce and eric flint . 1634 : the bavarian crisis is available in print .
english language is spoken in 1634 : the ram rebellion . english language is spoken in great great britain . 1634 : the ram rebellion by 1634 : the 1634 : the galileo affair affair .
association for computing machinery is the publisher of acm transactions on information systems . alexander l . wolf is the leader of association for computing machinery . association for computing machinery is headquartered at jinnah new york city airport .
the academic discipline of aids ( journal ) is hiv . the academic discipline of aids ( journal ) is hiv / aids . the issn number of aids ( journal ) is 0269 - 9370 .
the academic discipline of aids ( journal ) is hiv . the academic discipline of aids ( journal ) is hiv / aids . the issn number of aids ( journal ) is 1473 - 5571 .
aip aip advances editors include the following : a . t . charlie johnson . a . t . charlie johnson resides in the united states states . stanford university is a . t . charlie johnson almamater .
the oclc number of a fortress of grey ice is 51969173 . a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones . the isbn number of a fortress of grey ice 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong . the oclc number of a loyal character dancer is 49805501 . the isbn number of a loyal character dancer 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3
english language is spoken in a loyal character dancer . soho press is the publisher of a loyal character dancer . soho press is located in united states .
english language is spoken in a severed wasp . english language is spoken in great great britain . a severed wasp is located in united states .
a severed wasp has 388 pages . the oclc number of a severed wasp is 8805735 . a severed wasp is available in hardcover .
the issn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg is 1865 - 8784 . the lccn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg is 32024459 . abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg is abbreviated abh . math . semin . univ . hambg . . pol .
above the veil is located in australians . english language is spoken in aenir . aenir by 1634 : above the veil
english language is spoken in above the veil . aenir was written by garth nix . aenir by 1634 : above the veil
above the veil has 248 pages . above the veil was written by garth nix . above the veil is available in hardcover .
the issn number of acta palaeontologica polonica is 0567 - 7920 . the lccn number of acta palaeontologica polonica is 60040714 . acta palaeontologica polonica is abbreviated acta palaeontol . pol . . pol .
the academic discipline of addiction ( journal ) is addiction . addiction ( journal ) is abbreviated addiction . pol . the issn number of addiction ( journal ) is 1360 - 0443 .
wiley - blackwell is the publisher of addiction ( journal ) . wiley - blackwell is the parent company of the john wiley & sons press . the issn number of addiction ( journal ) is 0965 - 2140 .
cornell university is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . cornell university is affiliated with association of american universities . cornell university is located in the state of new york .
aenir was written by garth nix . english language is spoken in aenir . aenir by 1634 : above the veil
english language is spoken in alcatraz versus the evil librarians . english language is spoken in great great britain . alcatraz versus the evil librarians is located in united states .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is available in hardcover . alcatraz versus the evil librarians has 320 pages . the oclc number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 78771100 .
english language is spoken in great great britain . english language is spoken in united states . alcatraz versus the evil librarians is located in united states .
john cowper powys was born in shirley , derbyshire . john cowper powys died in blaenau ffestiniog . a glastonbury romance was written by john cowper powys .
the founder of sage publications is sara miller mccune . the issn number of administrative science quarterly is 0001 - 8392 . sage publications is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . a severed wasp is located in united states . native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . english language is spoken in a wizard of mars . a wizard of mars is located in united states .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . a wizard of mars is located in united states .
barack obama is the leader of united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . a wizard of mars is located in united states .
the united states , is led by the provincial president of the united states . 1634 : the ram rebellion is located in united states . african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
the united states , is led by the provincial president of the united states . a fortress of grey ice is located in united states . native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states .
jens hartel manages 1 . fc magdeburg . jens hartel plays for 1 . fc lokomotive leipzig . jens hartel plays for sv germania schoneiche .
massimo drago manages a . c . cesena . massimo drago plays for a . s . d . licata 1931 . massimo drago plays for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
the full name of a . c . lumezzane is " associazione calcio lumezzane spa " . a . c . lumezzane play in lega pro / a . a . c . lumezzane has 4150 members .
jorge humberto rodriguez manages a . d . isidro metapan . jorge humberto rodriguez plays for alianza f . c . . jorge humberto rodriguez plays for el salvador national football team .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members . antonis milionis is the chairman of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis . a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis ground is in efxeinoupoli .
a . f . c . blackpool ground is in blackpool . a . f . c . blackpool has 1500 members . the full name of a . f . c . blackpool is " association football club blackpool " .
stuart parker ( footballer ) manages a . f . c . blackpool . stuart parker ( footballer ) plays for chesterfield f . c . . stuart parker ( footballer ) plays for runcorn f . c . halton .
dave challinor manages a . f . c . fylde . dave challinor plays for stockport county f . c . . dave challinor plays for colwyn bay f . c . .
a . s . livorno calcio ground is in livorno , italy . a . s . livorno calcio has 19238 members . the full name of a . s . livorno calcio is " livorno calcio s . p . a . " .
christian panucci manages a . s . livorno calcio . a . s . livorno calcio play in serie b . the name of the championship football team in the serie b os the carpi f . c . 1909 fk .
christian panucci manages a . s . livorno calcio . christian panucci plays for chelsea f . c . . christian panucci plays for real madrid c . f . .
aek athens f . c . play in superleague greece . the name of the championship football team in the superleague greece os the olympiacos f . c . fk . aek athens f . c . ground is in greece .
gus poyet manages aek athens f . c . . gus poyet plays for real zaragoza . gus poyet plays for chelsea f . c . .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ground is in amsterdam . the leader of amsterdam is eberhard van der laan . amsterdam noord is part amsterdam - centrum .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ground is in amsterdam . the leader of amsterdam is eberhard van der laan . amsterdam noord is part amsterdam - noord .
john van den brom manages az alkmaar . john van den brom plays for jong ajax . john van den brom plays for istanbulspor a . s . .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in campeonato brasileiro serie c . campeonato brasileiro serie c is located in brazil . agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ground is in estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca .
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio . luciano spalletti plays for empoli f . c . . luciano spalletti manages a . s . roma .
massimo drago plays for s . s . chieti calcio . massimo drago manages a . c . cesena . massimo drago plays for a . s . d . licata 1931 .
massimo drago plays for u . s . castrovillari calcio . massimo drago manages a . c . cesena . massimo drago plays for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
massimo drago plays for u . s . castrovillari calcio . massimo drago plays for s . s . chieti calcio . massimo drago manages a . c . cesena .
103 colmore row is located in colmore row . the architect of 103 colmore row is john madin . john madin was born in birmingham .
200 public square is located in cleveland . cleveland is part of cuyahoga county , ohio . frank g . jackson is the leader of cleveland .
250 delaware avenue is located in united states . 250 delaware avenue has a floor area of 30843 . 8 ( square metres ) . there are 12 floors at 250 delaware avenue .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago . rahm emanuel is the leader of chicago . chicago is part of dupage county , illinois .
the architect of 320 south boston building is george winkler . george winkler is located in united states . there are 22 floors at 320 south boston building .
3arena is located in north wall quay . the architect of 3arena is hok sve . 3arena was completed in december 2008 .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in denmark . marriott marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen . there are 23 floors at ac hotel bella sky copenhagen .
marriott marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen . the architect of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is 3xn . there are 23 floors at ac hotel bella sky copenhagen .
the architect of adare manor is augustus pugin . one of the significant buildings designed by augustus pugin is the palace of westminster . augustus pugin was born in bloomsbury .
the architect of adare manor is philip charles hardwick . adare manor was completed in 1862 . adare manor is owned by j . p . mcmanus .
the architecture style of adisham hall falls under brutalist tudor and jacabian . adisham hall was completed in 1931 . adisham hall is located in haputale .
the architecture style of adisham hall falls under brutalist tudor and jacabian . adisham hall is located in sri lanka . adisham hall was completed in 1931 .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka . adisham hall is located in haputale . ranil wickremesinghe is the leader of sri lanka .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka . sri jayawardenepura kotte is the capital of sri lanka . the sri lankan rupee is the currency in sri lanka .
30 march 2007 was the start date for the building at alan b . miller hall . mason school of business is located in united states . the mason school of business is the current tenant of alan b . miller hall .
the architect of asilomar conference grounds is julia morgan . julia morgan was born in san francisco . one of the significant buildings designed by julia morgan is the riverside art museum .
the architect of asilomar conference grounds is julia morgan . one of the significant buildings designed by julia morgan is the chinatown , san francisco . julia morgan was born in california .
asilomar conference grounds is located in asilomar blvd . , pacific grove , california . asilomar conference grounds were added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 - 02 - 27 . asilomar conference grounds has the reference number 87000823 in the national register of historic places .
asser levy public baths is located in avenue a ( manhattan ) . asser levy public baths was built in 1904 . asser levy public baths were added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1980 - 04 - 23 .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city . asser levy public baths was built in 1904 . asser levy public baths were added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1980 - 04 - 23 .
conservative party ( uk ) is the leader of birmingham . the architect of 103 colmore row is john madin . birmingham is the home town of john madin .
liberal democrats is the leader of birmingham . the architect of 103 colmore row is john madin . john madin was born in birmingham .
hailemariam desalegn is the leader of ethiopia . addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa . addis ababa is located in ethiopia .
anandiben patel is the leader of gujarat . amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad . amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat .
marriott international is located in bethesda , maryland . marriott marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen . rona bill marriott is the key person for marriott international .
albany , georgia is part of dougherty county , georgia . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . albany , georgia is located in united states .
albuquerque , new mexico , texas has a population density of 1142 . 3 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . the albuquerque , new mexico , is led by the provincial new mexico senate . albuquerque , new mexico , texas has a total area of 490 . 9 ( square kilometres ) .
alpharetta , georgia is located in united states . african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia .
alpharetta , georgia is located in united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . alpharetta , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) .
alpharetta , georgia is located in united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states .
anaheim , anaheim , california has a utc offset of - 7 . the area code of anaheim , california , indiana is 657 , 714 . anaheim , california , texas has a total area of 131 . 6 ( square kilometres ) .
anaheim , california is part of california . the anaheim , california , is led by the provincial california state senate . california state senate is located in california state capitol .
anderson , indiana is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana . lafayette township , madison county , indiana is located in united states . anderson , indiana is part of indiana .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana . angola , indiana is located in united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california . contra costa county , california is part of san francisco bay area . the antioch , california , is led by the provincial united states house of representatives .
arlington , texas is part of tarrant county , texas . fort worth , texas is the county seat tarrant county , texas , in indiana . tarrant county , texas is located in united states .
atlanta is located in united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states .
atlanta , texas has a population density of 1299 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . the area code of atlanta , indiana is 404 . atlanta , texas has a total area of 347 . 1 ( square kilometres ) .
atlantic city , new jersey is located in united states . newark , new jersey is the largest city in new jersey . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey . atlantic county , new jersey is located in united states . new york city is the largest city in united states .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama . alabama is located in united states . auburn , alabama is part of alabama .
auburn , washington is part of washington ( state ) . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . washington ( state ) is located in united states .
auburn , washington is part of washington ( state ) . olympia , washington is the capital of washington ( state ) . washington ( state ) is located in united states .
atlanta is the capital of georgia ( u . s . state ) . albany , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) . albany , georgia is part of dougherty county , georgia .
madison county , indiana is located in united states . alexandria , indiana is part of madison county , indiana . anderson , indiana is the largest city in madison county , indiana .
trenton , new jersey is the capital of new jersey . new jersey is located in united states . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
english language is spoken in texas . arlington , texas is part of texas . houston is the largest city in texas .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . attica , indiana is located in united states . attica , indiana is part of fountain county , indiana .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . fountain county , indiana is located in united states . attica , indiana is part of fountain county , indiana .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . english language is spoken in united states . akron , ohio is located in united states .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . akron , ohio is located in united states . akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon . albany , oregon is located in united states .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . the leader of united states is barack obama . albuquerque , new mexico is located in united states .
english language is spoken in united states . albany , georgia is located in united states . african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
english language is spoken in united states . angola , indiana is located in united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
the runway length of aarhus airport is 2776 . 0 . aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s . 10r / 28l is the runway name of aarhus airport .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york . the runway length of adirondack regional airport is 2003 . 0 . adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama . paracuellos de jarama is located in spain . paracuellos de jarama is part of community of madrid .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh . agra airport is operated by indian air force . the icao location identifier of agra airport is viag .
al asad airbase is operated by united states air force . al asad airbase is located in iraq . the runway length of al asad airbase is 3992 . 88 .
al asad airbase is operated by united states air force . united states air force air force aircraft fighter mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle one of the noted united states air force air force battles was the 1986 united states bombing of libya of grenada .
al asad airbase is operated by united states air force . one of the noted united states air force air force battles was the invasion of grenada of grenada . united states air force air force aircraft fighter mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle
the 1st runway at alderney airport airport is made from poaceae . the runway length of alderney airport is 877 . 0 . alderney airport serves the city of alderney .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan . allama iqbal international airport is operated by pakistan civil aviation authority . pakistan civil aviation authority is headquartered at jinnah jinnah international airport airport .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan . 18l / 36r is the runway name of allama iqbal international airport . the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 2900 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is elevated 210 metres above sea level . alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan . maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is located in united states .
andrews county airport is located in texas . the runway length of andrews county airport is 1773 . 0 . andrews county airport is elevated 973 . 0 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is located in texas . the runway length of andrews county airport is 896 . 0 . andrews county airport is elevated 973 . 0 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is located in texas . austin , texas is the capital of texas . english language is spoken in texas .
andrews county airport is located in texas . tejano texas texas is located in united states .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp . german language is spoken in belgium . antwerp is located in belgium .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey . egg harbor township , new jersey is located in united states . egg harbor township , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey .
atlantic city international airport is operated by port authority of new york and new jersey . port authority of new york and new jersey the new jersey region . port authority of new york and new jersey is headquartered at jinnah four world trade center airport .
the runway length of atlantic city international airport is 3048 . 0 . atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey . egg harbor township , new jersey is located in united states .
lahore is located in pakistan . allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore . anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan .
madrid is part of community of madrid . the leader party at madrid is the peoples ahora madrid . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid .
the leader party at madrid is the peoples ahora madrid . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid . madrid is located in spain .
the leader party at san sebastian de los reyes is the peoples people ' s party ( spain ) . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes . san sebastian de los reyes is located in spain .
11th mississippi infantry monument is located in united states . adams county , pennsylvania has to its southeast carroll county , maryland 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania .
adams county , pennsylvania has to its southeast carroll county , maryland 11th mississippi infantry monument is in the municipality of gettysburg , gettysburg , pennsylvania . 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania .
baku is the capital of azerbaijan . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan . turk sehitleri aniti is the native name of baku turkish martyrs ' memorial .
the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan . national assembly ( azerbaijan ) dictates the legislature of azerbaijan .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey . ankara is the capital of turkey . ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey .
amatriciana sauce is from the lazio region . amatriciana sauce is located in italy . guanciale is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
banana leaf is an ingredient in arem - arem . arem - arem is from the javanese cuisine region . the main ingredients of arem - arem are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce . tomato belongs to the division of flowering plant . tomato is part of the solanaceae family .
arrabbiata sauce is from the rome region . arrabbiata sauce is located in italy . olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
arrabbiata sauce is from the rome region . tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce . arrabbiata sauce is located in italy .
asam pedas is located in malaysia . the main ingredients of asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce . asam pedas is from the malay peninsula region .
asam pedas is located in malaysia . kuala lumpur is the capital of malaysia . arifin zakaria is the leader of malaysia .
ayam penyet is from the malaysia region . malaysian chinese are an ethnic group in the united malaysia . ayam penyet is located in indonesia .
lettuce is an ingredient in blt . blt is a variation of club sandwich . bacon sandwich is a variation of blt .
bacon explosion is located in united states . barack obama is the leader of united states . white americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
bacon explosion is located in united states . john roberts is the leader of united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states .
bacon sandwich is a variation of blt . blt is a variation of club sandwich . bread is an ingredient in bacon sandwich .
baked alaska is located in france . baked alaska is from the new york region . sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska .
baked alaska is located in france . manuel valls is the leader of france . the euro is the currency in france .
baked alaska is located in united states . baked alaska is from the new york region . christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska .
baked alaska is a dessert . dessert is a variation of cookie . sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska .
bakewell pudding is from the derbyshire dales region . bakewell pudding is a dessert . the main ingredients of bakewell pudding are ground almond , jam , butter , eggs .
bakewell pudding is from the derbyshire dales region . bakewell pudding is a variation of bakewell tart . the main ingredients of bakewell pudding are ground almond , jam , butter , eggs .
bakso is from the indonesia region . bakso is located in indonesia . beef is an ingredient in bakso .
avocado is an ingredient in bandeja paisa . bandeja paisa is located in colombian cuisine . bandeja paisa is from the paisa region region .
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region region . bandeja paisa is located in colombian cuisine . hogao is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
barny cakes is located in france . claude bartolone is the leader of france . manuel valls is the leader of france .
batchoy is located in philippines . the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef . noodle is an ingredient in batchoy .
batchoy is located in philippines . the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef . vegetable is an ingredient in batchoy .
beef kway teow is located in singapore . beef kway teow is from the nationwide in singapore and indonesia region . tony tan is the leader of singapore .
beef kway teow is from the singapore region . beef kway teow is located in indonesia . sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow .
beef kway teow is from the singapore region . oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow . beef kway teow is located in singapore and indonesia .
bhajji is located in india . the indian rupee is the currency in india . sumitra mahajan is the leader of india .
banana is an ingredient in binignit . binignit is a dessert . dessert is a variation of cookie .
sago is an ingredient in binignit . binignit is a dessert . dessert is a variation of cookie .
taro is an ingredient in binignit . binignit is a dessert . dessert is a variation of cookie .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato . banana is an ingredient in binignit . sweet potato belongs to the order of solanales .
bionico is located in mexico . bionico is a dessert . granola is an ingredient in bionico .
bionico is located in mexico . bionico is from the guadalajara region . raisin is an ingredient in bionico .
bionico is located in mexico . silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico . the mexican peso is the currency in mexico .
rome is the capital of italy . amatriciana sauce is located in italy . pietro grasso is the leader of italy .
arabic is spoken in philippines . batchoy is located in philippines . igorot people are an ethnic group in the united philippines .
tony tan is the leader of singapore . english language is spoken in singapore . beef kway teow is located in singapore .
tomato is part of the solanaceae family . tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce . tomato belongs to the order of solanales .
awh engineering college is located in india . the academic staff at the awh awh engineering college college number 250 . awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala .
acharya institute of technology is located in the city of bangalore . the number of post graduate students at acharya institute of technology is about 700 . acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
kochi is the leader of kerala . awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala . kerala has to its northwest mahe , india
germans of romania are an ethnic group in the united romania . 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the anthem of romania is called desteapta - te , romane ! romane .
germans of romania are an ethnic group in the united romania . klaus iohannis is the leader of romania . 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with european university association . the headquarters of the european university association association is in brussels . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 .
asterix ( comicscharacter ) was created by rene goscinny . rene goscinny is from the french people states . asterix ( comicscharacter ) was created by albert uderzo .
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman . bananaman broadcastedby bbc bananaman last aired on april 1986 - 04 - 15 .
big hero 6 ( film ) 6 was baymax ' s first film appearance . walt disney studios motion pictures the distributor of the film , big hero 6 ( film ) 6 . scott adsit starred in big hero 6 ( film ) .
walt disney studios motion pictures the distributor of the film , big hero 6 ( film ) 6 . baymax series big hero 6 ( film ) scott adsit starred in big hero 6 ( film ) .
ryan potter starred in big hero 6 ( film ) . walt disney studios motion pictures the distributor of the film , big hero 6 ( film ) 6 . baymax series big hero 6 ( film )
blockbuster ( comicscharacter ) was created by gardner fox . blockbuster ( comicscharacter ) is also known as mark desmond . blockbuster ( comicscharacter ) was created by carmine infantino .
bolt ( comicscharacter ) is also known as larry bolatinsky . bolt ( comicscharacter ) was created by dan mishkin . bolt ( comicscharacter ) was created by gary cohn ( comics ) .
bolt ( comicscharacter ) was created by ernie colon . bolt ( comicscharacter ) is also known as larry bolatinsky . bolt ( comicscharacter ) was created by gary cohn ( comics ) .
103 colmore row is located in birmingham . 103 colmore row was completed in 1976 . 1973 was the start date for the building at 103 colmore row . there are 23 floors at 103 colmore row .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa . asian south africans are an ethnic group in the united south africa . cape town is the capital of south africa . coloured are an ethnic group in the united south africa .
200 public square is located in cleveland . cleveland is part of cuyahoga county , ohio . cleveland is located in united states . cleveland ' s governing body is cleveland city council .
250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo , new york . 250 delaware avenue 110 million ( dollars ) . 250 delaware avenue has a floor area of 30843 . 8 ( square metres ) . there are 12 floors at 250 delaware avenue .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago . rahm emanuel is the leader of chicago . chicago is part of cook county , illinois . chicago is located in united states .
300 north lasalle is located in illinois . 300 north lasalle has a floor area of 120770 . 0 ( square metres ) . 300 north lasalle was completed in 2009 . there are 60 floors at 300 north lasalle .
3arena is owned by live nation entertainment . dublin is part of republic of ireland . 3arena is located in dublin . dublin is part of leinster .
marriott marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen . ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in copenhagen . the architect of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is 3xn . there are 23 floors at ac hotel bella sky copenhagen .
adare manor is located in adare . county limerick is part of munster . adare manor is located in county limerick . county limerick is governed by the limerick limerick city and county council council .
akita museum of art is located in japan . akita museum of art is located in akita , akita . akita , akita is part of akita prefecture . brazilians in japan are an ethnic group in the united japan .
akita museum of art is located in japan . akita museum of art is located in akita , akita . akita , akita is part of akita prefecture . filipinos in japan are an ethnic group in the united japan .
akita museum of art is located in japan . akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture . vietnamese people in japan are an ethnic group in the united japan . akita museum of art is located in akita , akita .
akita museum of art is located in japan . brazilians in japan are an ethnic group in the united japan . akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture . akita museum of art is located in akita , akita .
alan b . miller hall is owned by college of william & mary . alan b . miller hall was completed in 1 june 2009 . alan b . miller hall is located on 101 ukrop way . alan b . miller hall is located in williamsburg , virginia .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat . amdavad ni gufa is located in india . narendra modi is the leader of india . sumitra mahajan is the leader of india .
asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove , california . asilomar conference grounds were added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 - 02 - 27 . asilomar conference grounds has the reference number 87000823 in the national register of historic places . asilomar conference grounds was built in 1913 .
asser levy public baths is located in avenue a ( manhattan ) . asser levy public baths has the reference number 80002709 in the national register of historic places . asser levy public baths was built in 1904 . asser levy public baths were added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1980 - 04 - 23 .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city . cyrus vance , jr . is the leader of manhattan . new york city is part of manhattan . new york city is part of brooklyn .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city . new york city is located in united states . gale brewer is the leader of manhattan . new york city is part of manhattan .
antioch , birmingham has postal codes b postcode area . the architect of 103 colmore row is john madin . john madin was born in birmingham . andrew mitchell is the leader of birmingham .
antioch , birmingham has postal codes b postcode area . the architect of 103 colmore row is john madin . john madin was born in birmingham . labour party ( uk ) is the leader of birmingham .
anandiben patel is the leader of gujarat . amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat . amdavad ni gufa is located in india . sumitra mahajan is the leader of india .
t . s . thakur is the leader of india . amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat . amdavad ni gufa is located in india . narendra modi is the leader of india .
brazilians in japan are an ethnic group in the united japan . akita prefecture is located in japan . akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture . akita museum of art is located in akita , akita .
the london , is led by the provincial parliament of the united kingdom . 20 fenchurch street is located in united kingdom . london is the capital of united kingdom . elizabeth ii is the leader of united kingdom .
english language is spoken in united states . the united states , is led by the provincial president of the united states . joe biden is the leader of united states . 250 delaware avenue is located in united states .
11th mississippi infantry monument is located in united states . 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the state of pennsylvania . 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 . 11th mississippi infantry monument falls under the category of contributing property .
baku is the capital of azerbaijan . the azerbaijan , is led by the provincial prime minister of azerbaijan . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan . artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan .
baku is the capital of azerbaijan . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan . turk sehitleri aniti is the native name of baku turkish martyrs ' memorial .
monocacy national battlefield is located in frederick county , maryland . 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument was established in 1907 - 07 - 11 . 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the district of monocacy national battlefield . the city nearest monocacy national battlefield is frederick , maryland , maryland .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey . ankara is the capital of turkey . ataturk monument ( izmir ) is made bronze . ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey .
the turkey , is led by the provincial president of turkey . ataturk monument ( izmir ) was designed by pietro canonica . alan b . ataturk monument ( izmir ) hall was in augurated on 1932 - 07 - 27 . ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey .
albany , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) . english language is spoken in united states . albany , georgia is located in united states . native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states .
the area code of albuquerque , new mexico , indiana is 505 , 575 . the land area , of albuquerque , new mexico ( new mexico ) , is 486 . 2 ( square kilometres ) . albuquerque , new mexico , texas has a total area of 490 . 9 ( square kilometres ) . albuquerque , new mexico , texas has a population density of 1142 . 3 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
alpharetta , georgia is located in united states . alpharetta , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) . alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia . atlanta is the county seat fulton county , georgia , in indiana .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas . potter county , texas is located in united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas . potter county , texas is located in the state of texas . amarillo , texas is located in united states . austin , texas is the capital of texas .
the anaheim , california , is led by the provincial california state assembly . anaheim , california is part of california . california state assembly is located in california state capitol . spanish language is spoken in california .
anderson , indiana , texas has a population density of 523 . 9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . anderson , indiana , texas has a total area of 107 . 43 ( square kilometres ) . anderson , indiana , indiana is located at 268 . 0 above sea level . anderson , indiana is part of adams , fall creek , lafayette , richland , union .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana . angola , indiana is located in united states . angola , indiana is part of indiana . angola , indiana , texas has a total area of 16 . 55 ( square kilometres ) .
anaheim , antioch , california has a utc offset of - 7 . antioch , california , ca has 102372 people inhabiting it . the area code of antioch , california , indiana is 925 . antioch , california , texas has a total area of 75 . 324 ( square kilometres ) .
atlantic city , new jersey , texas has a population density of 1421 . 2 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . the area code of atlantic city , new jersey , indiana is 609 . the atlantic city , new jersey , is led by the provincial mayors of atlantic city , new jersey . atlantic city , new jersey , texas has a total area of 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama . auburn , alabama is located in united states . lee county , alabama is located in the state of alabama . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama . lee county , alabama is located in united states . lee county , alabama is located in the state of alabama . african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . pierce county , washington is located in united states . auburn , washington is part of king county , washington .
auburn , washington is part of washington ( state ) . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . auburn , washington is located in united states . auburn , washington is part of king county , washington .
austin , texas is part of texas . houston is the largest city in texas . san marcos , texas is the county seat hays county , texas , in indiana . austin , texas is part of hays county , texas .
chinese language is spoken in california . the anaheim , california , is led by the provincial california state assembly . anaheim , california is part of california . california state assembly is located in california state capitol .
georgia ( u . s . state ) is located in united states . alpharetta , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) . alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia . atlanta is the county seat fulton county , georgia , in indiana .
indianapolis is the capital of indiana . anderson , indiana is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana . lafayette township , madison county , indiana is located in united states . anderson , indiana is part of indiana .
english language is spoken in texas . arlington , texas is part of texas . texas is located in united states . houston is the largest city in texas .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon . albany , oregon is located in united states . african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . new jersey is located in united states . new york city is the largest city in united states . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . the united states , is led by the provincial president of the united states . the leader of united states is barack obama . albuquerque , new mexico is located in united states .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . the albuquerque , new mexico , is led by the provincial new mexico senate . the leader of new mexico senate is john sanchez . albuquerque , new mexico is located in united states .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon . albany , oregon is located in united states .
native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . the leader of united states is barack obama . the albuquerque , new mexico , is led by the provincial mayor of albuquerque . albuquerque , new mexico is located in united states .
english language is spoken in united states . albany , georgia is located in united states . native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . albany , georgia is part of united states .
english language is spoken in united states . angola , indiana is part of indiana . angola , indiana is located in united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
english language is spoken in united states . angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana . angola , indiana is located in united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
jens hartel manages 1 . fc magdeburg . jens hartel plays for sv babelsberg 03 . jens hartel plays for 1 . fc union berlin . jens hartel plays for fsv zwickau .
rolando maran manages a . c . chievo verona . rolando maran plays for f . c . bari 1908 . michele rolando maran was born in italy . rolando maran plays for carrarese calcio .
michele marcolini manages a . c . lumezzane . michele michele marcolini was born in italy . michele marcolini plays for torino f . c . . michele marcolini plays for a . c . chievo verona .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members . antonis milionis is the chairman of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis . a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis ground is in efxeinoupoli . a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis play in a epsth 2nd group .
stuart parker ( footballer ) manages a . f . c . blackpool . the leader of blackpool is conservative party ( uk ) . stuart parker ( footballer ) plays for stockport county f . c . . a . f . c . blackpool ground is in blackpool .
stuart parker ( footballer ) manages a . f . c . blackpool . the leader of blackpool is gordon marsden . stuart parker ( footballer ) plays for stockport county f . c . . a . f . c . blackpool ground is in blackpool .
a . f . c . fylde ground is in warton , fylde , lancashire . a . f . c . fylde played in the 2014 season . a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members . the full name of a . f . c . fylde is " association football club fylde " .
a . f . c . fylde played in the 2014 season . a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members . the full name of a . f . c . fylde is " association football club fylde " . a . f . c . fylde ground is in bryning lane .
paulo sousa manages acf fiorentina . paulo sousa plays for juventus f . c . . paulo sousa plays for maccabi tel aviv f . c . . paulo sousa plays for inter milan .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members . aek athens f . c . ground is in greece . aek athens f . c . play in superleague greece . aek athens f . c . played in the 2014 season .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ground is in sportpark de toekomst . sportpark de toekomst is operated by afc ajax . sportpark de toekomst is owned by afc ajax n . v . . marriott jong ajax is the tenant of sportpark de toekomst .
the nickname of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is joden , godenzonen . afc ajax ( amateurs ) played in the 2014 season . afc ajax ( amateurs ) has 5000 members . the full name of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is " amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs " .
john van den brom manages az alkmaar . john van den brom plays for vitesse arnhem . john van den brom plays for afc ajax . john van den brom plays for netherlands national football team .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in campeonato brasileiro serie c . agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ground is in estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca . estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca is located in alagoas . the name of the championship football team in the campeonato brasileiro serie c os the vila nova futebol clube fk .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in campeonato brasileiro serie c . campeonato brasileiro serie c is located in brazil . agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ground is in estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca . estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca is located in alagoas .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in campeonato brasileiro serie c . campeonato brasileiro serie c is located in brazil . agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ground is in estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca . estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca is located in arapiraca .
akron summit assault ground is in st . vincent - st . mary high school . st . vincent - st . mary high school is located in united states . akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio . st . vincent - st . mary high school is located in the city of akron , ohio .
the leader of italy is pietro grasso . rome is the capital of italy . the leader of italy is sergio mattarella . a . s . gubbio 1910 ground is in italy .
peter stoger plays for sk vorwarts steyr . peter stoger plays for fc admira wacker modling . peter stoger manages 1 . fc koln . peter stoger plays for fk austria wien .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas . the runway length of abilene regional airport is 2194 . 0 . abilene regional airport is elevated 546 metres above sea level . 17l / 35r is the runway name of abilene regional airport .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york . the runway length of adirondack regional airport is 2003 . 0 . adirondack regional airport is elevated 507 metres above sea level . adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york .
18l / 36r is the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport . the runway length of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is 3500 . 0 . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is operated by enaire .
agra airport is located in india . agra airport is operated by indian air force . agra agra airport iata location identifier is agr . the icao location identifier of agra airport is viag .
al asad airbase is operated by united states air force . al asad airbase is located in iraq . the runway length of al asad airbase is 3990 . 0 . 08 / 26 is the runway name of al asad airbase .
al asad airbase is operated by united states air force . the runway length of al asad airbase is 3990 . 0 . al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq . 09r / 27l is the runway name of al asad airbase .
al asad airbase is operated by united states air force . one of the noted united states air force air force battles was the invasion of grenada of grenada . lockheed ac - 130 can be found on united states air force . united states air force air force aircraft fighter mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan . the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 2900 . 0 . allama iqbal international airport is operated by pakistan civil aviation authority . allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam . 09 / 27 ' buitenveldertbaan ' is the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol . the runway length of amsterdam airport schiphol is 2014 . 0 . amsterdam airport schiphol is elevated - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam . 18l / 36r ' aalsmeerbaan ' is the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol . the runway length of amsterdam airport schiphol is 2014 . 0 . amsterdam airport schiphol is elevated - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is located in texas . the runway length of andrews county airport is 929 . 0 . andrews county airport serves the city of andrews , texas . andrews county airport is elevated 973 . 0 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is located in texas . austin , texas is the capital of texas . tejano texas texas is located in united states .
andrews county airport is located in texas . austin , texas is the capital of texas . english language is spoken in texas . texas is located in united states .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo . icolo e bengo is located in angola . angola international airport serves the city of luanda . icolo e bengo is part of luanda province .
antwerp international airport is operated by flemish government . antwerp international airport is owned by flemish region . antwerp international airport is elevated 12 . 0 metres above sea level . the runway length of antwerp international airport is 600 . 0 .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines . turkmenistan airlines is headquartered at jinnah turkmenistan airport . the hub airport for turkmenistan airlines airlines is turkmenbashi international airport airport . turkmenistan airlines is headquartered at jinnah ashgabat airport .
athens international airport serves the city of athens . athens international airport is located in spata . athens international airport is elevated 94 metres above sea level . the runway length of athens international airport is 3800 . 0 .
atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city , new jersey . atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey . egg harbor township , new jersey is located in united states . don guardian is the leader of atlantic city , new jersey .
atlantic city international airport is owned by south jersey transportation authority . stephen dilts is the leader of south jersey transportation authority . atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey . egg harbor township , new jersey is located in united states .
charles michel is the leader of belgium . antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp . german language is spoken in belgium . antwerp is located in belgium .
philippe of belgium is the leader of belgium . antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp . french language is spoken in belgium . antwerp is located in belgium .
harrietstown , new york is located in united states . saranac lake , new york is part of harrietstown , new york . saranac lake , new york is part of essex county , new york . adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york .
kurdish languages is spoken in iraq . fuad masum is the leader of iraq . al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah . fallujah is located in iraq .
haider al - abadi is the leader of iraq . kurdish languages is spoken in iraq . al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah . fallujah is located in iraq .
lahore is located in pakistan . allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan . allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore . malik muhammad rafique rajwana is the leader of punjab , pakistan .
poaceae belongs to the division of flowering plant . the 1st runway at alderney airport airport is made from poaceae . poaceae belongs to the order of commelinids . poaceae class is monocotyledon .
rona rona fairhead is the key person for bbc . bananaman broadcastedby bbc one of the products of bcc is bbc bbc radio . bbc is located in broadcasting house .
jill shilling starred in bananaman . bananaman was created by steve bright . bananaman firstaired 1983 - 10 - 03 bananaman broadcastedby stv
ryan potter starred in big hero 6 ( film ) . duncan rouleau is from the americans states . baymax was created by duncan rouleau . baymax series big hero 6 ( film )
bolt ( comicscharacter ) was created by gary cohn ( comics ) . ernie colon is from the puerto ricans states . bolt ( comicscharacter ) was created by ernie colon . bolt ( comicscharacter ) is also known as larry bolatinsky .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by eric flint . eric flint was born in burbank , california . 1634 : the bavarian crisis by 1634 : the grantville gazette iii affair . 1634 : the bavarian crisis by 1634 : the demarce short stories in the the grantville gazettes affair .
1634 : the ram rebellion is available in e - book . 1634 : the ram rebellion has 512 pages . 1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint , virginia demarce , et al . . the isbn number of 1634 : the ram rebellion 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0
aids ( journal ) is located in united kingdom . lippincott williams & wilkins is the publisher of aids ( journal ) . lippincott williams & wilkins is the parent company of the wolters kluwer press . elizabeth ii is the leader of united kingdom .
a fortress of grey ice is available in hardcover . the oclc number of a fortress of grey ice is 51969173 . a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones . the isbn number of a fortress of grey ice 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong . the oclc number of a loyal character dancer is 49805501 . the isbn number of a loyal character dancer 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 a loyal character dancer is available in hardcover .
english language is spoken in a loyal character dancer . english language is spoken in great great britain . a loyal character dancer is located in united states . native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states .
soho press is the publisher of a loyal character dancer . soho press is located in united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . english language is spoken in united states .
a wizard of mars is available in hardcover . a wizard of mars has 560 pages . a wizard of mars was written by diane duane . the isbn number of a wizard of mars 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2
the lccn number of acta mathematica hungarica is 83646315 . acta mathematica hungarica is abbreviated acta math . hungar . . pol . the academic discipline of acta mathematica hungarica is mathematics . the issn number of acta mathematica hungarica is 0236 - 5294 .
the lccn number of acta palaeontologica polonica is 60040714 . the academic discipline of acta palaeontologica polonica is paleobiology . acta palaeontologica polonica is abbreviated acta palaeontol . pol . . pol . the issn number of acta palaeontologica polonica is 0567 - 7920 .
polish academy of sciences is the publisher of acta palaeontologica polonica . the issn number of acta palaeontologica polonica is 1732 - 2421 . the lccn number of acta palaeontologica polonica is 60040714 . acta palaeontologica polonica is abbreviated acta palaeontol . pol . . pol .
cornell university is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . cornell university is affiliated with association of public and land - grant universities . cornell university is affiliated with association of american universities . cornell university is located in the state of new york .
cornell university is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . cornell university is affiliated with association of public and land - grant universities . cornell university is located in the state of new york . cornell university is located in the city of ithaca , new york .
aenir has 233 pages . aenir was written by garth nix . the isbn number of aenir 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 aenir is available in paperback .
english language is spoken in alcatraz versus the evil librarians . english language is spoken in great great britain . alcatraz versus the evil librarians is located in united states . african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
johns hopkins university press is the publisher of american journal of mathematics . johns hopkins university press is located in united states . johns hopkins university press is the parent company of the johns hopkins university press . american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878 .
english language is spoken in great great britain . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . english language is spoken in united states . alcatraz versus the evil librarians is located in united states .
barack obama is the leader of united states . english language is spoken in a wizard of mars . english language is spoken in great great britain . a wizard of mars is located in united states .
barack obama is the leader of united states . english language is spoken in a wizard of mars . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . a wizard of mars is located in united states .
barack obama is the leader of united states . english language is spoken in great great britain . english language is spoken in united states . a wizard of mars is located in united states .
barack obama is the leader of united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . english language is spoken in united states . a severed wasp is located in united states .
alan bean is from the united states states . alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . alan bean spent 100305 . 0 ( minutes ) in space . alan bean was chosen by nasa in 1963 .
alan shepard was a part of the crew of apollo 14 12 . distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) from the navy is higher than the department of department of commerce gold medal . apollo 14 is operated by nasa . the number of buzz alan shepard ' s awards are distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) .
chris patten served as a representative of british hong kong . william anders was a part of the crew of apollo 8 12 . william anders was born in british hong kong . frank frank borman was a member of the crew on apollo 8 8 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz aldrin was a part of the crew of apollo 11 12 . massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 is buzz aldrin almamater . buzz aldrin is retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz aldrin was chosen by nasa in 1963 . buzz aldrin was a part of the crew of apollo 11 12 . buzz aldrin was a test fighter pilot .
buzz aldrin was a part of the crew of apollo 11 12 . buzz aldrin ' s full name was " edwin eugene aldrin jr . " . the number of buzz buzz aldrin ' s awards are 20 . apollo 11 is operated by nasa .
distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) from the navy is higher than the department of department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard died in california . alan shepard was born in new hampshire . the number of buzz alan shepard ' s awards are distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) .
distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) from the navy is higher than the department of department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard died in california . the senator representing california was dianne feinstein . the number of buzz alan shepard ' s awards are distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) .
university of texas at austin is elliot see almamater . elliot see died in st . louis . elliot see was born in dallas . elliot see is from the united states states .
william anders was a test fighter pilot . william anders was a part of the crew of apollo 8 12 . apollo 8 is operated by nasa . william anders was chosen by nasa in 1963 .
awh engineering college is located in india . awh engineering college was established in 2001 . awh engineering college is located in the city of kuttikkattoor . the ganges is a river in india .
acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . visvesvaraya technological university is located in the city of belgaum . acharya institute of technology is located in india . acharya institute of technology campus in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 .
acharya institute of technology is located in the city of bangalore . dr . g . p . prabhukumar is the director of acharya institute of technology . acharya institute of technology is located in india . acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
all india council for technical education was proud to give the technical campus status to acharya institute of technology . all india council for technical education is located in mumbai . tennis is one of the sports offered at acharya institute of technology . the sport tennis has a governing body called international tennis federation .
alba iulia is part of alba county . bucharest is the capital of romania . 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the city of alba iulia . 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania .
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark . aarhus is governed by the limerick magistrate council .
kochi is the leader of kerala . the academic staff at the awh awh engineering college college number 250 . awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala . awh engineering college is located in the city of kuttikkattoor .
germans of romania are an ethnic group in the united romania . bucharest is the capital of romania . 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the anthem of romania is called desteapta - te , romane ! romane .
klaus iohannis is the leader of romania . alba iulia is located in romania . bucharest is the capital of romania . 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the city of alba iulia .
amatriciana sauce is from the lazio region . amatriciana sauce is located in italy . tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce . the main ingredients of amatriciana sauce are tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil .
arrabbiata sauce is located in italy . rome is the capital of italy . pietro grasso is the leader of italy . sergio mattarella is the leader of italy .
arros negre is located in spain . the main ingredients of arros negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers . arros negre is from the catalonia region . cuttlefish is an ingredient in arros negre .
arros negre is located in spain . the main ingredients of arros negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers . arros negre is from the catalonia region . white rice is an ingredient in arros negre .
arros negre is located in spain . spaniards are an ethnic group in the united spain . arros negre is from the catalonia region . parliament of catalonia is the leader of catalonia .
asam pedas is located in malaysia . malaysian malay are an ethnic group in the united malaysia . batak are an ethnic group in the united sumatra . asam pedas is from the sumatra region .
asam pedas is located in malaysia . minangkabau people are an ethnic group in the united sumatra . asam pedas is from the sumatra region . malays ( ethnic group ) are an ethnic group in the united sumatra .
bacon explosion is located in united states . barack obama is the leader of united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states .
bacon explosion is located in united states . john roberts is the leader of united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states .
ketchup is an ingredient in bacon sandwich . blt is a variation of club sandwich . bacon sandwich is a variation of blt . bacon sandwich is located in united kingdom .
the main ingredients of bacon sandwich are bread and bacon , with a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce . bacon sandwich is located in united kingdom . bacon sandwich is also known as bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin . condiment is an ingredient in bacon sandwich .
baked alaska is a dessert . dessert is a variation of cookie . african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . baked alaska is located in united states .
the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding . baked alaska is from the paris , new york or hong kong region . baked alaska is located in united states . sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska .
baked alaska is from the hong kong region . the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding . baked alaska is located in france , united states or china . meringue is an ingredient in baked alaska .
baked alaska is from the hong kong region . the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding . baked alaska is located in united states . ice cream is an ingredient in baked alaska .
bakewell pudding is from the derbyshire dales region . bakewell pudding is a variation of bakewell tart . derbyshire dales is part of derbyshire . fruit preserves is an ingredient in bakewell tart .
tapioca is an ingredient in bakso . bakso is located in indonesia . the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots . bakso is from the nationwide in indonesia , also popular in neighboring southeast asian countries region .
bakso is from the indonesia region . noodle is an ingredient in bakso . bakso is located in indonesia . the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots .
kidney bean is an ingredient in bandeja paisa . the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon . bandeja paisa is from the paisa region region . bandeja paisa is located in colombian cuisine .
the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon . bandeja paisa is from the paisa region region . bandeja paisa is located in colombian cuisine . hogao is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
barny cakes is located in france . french language is spoken in france . gerard larcher is the leader of france . francois hollande is the leader of france .
batagor is located in indonesia . batagor is a variation of siomay . siomay is a variation of shumai . shiitake is an ingredient in shumai .
batchoy is located in philippines . the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef . pork is an ingredient in batchoy . batchoy is from the la paz , iloilo city region .
chicken is an ingredient in batchoy . batchoy is located in philippines . batchoy is a soup . the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
beef kway teow is located in singapore . the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil . beef kway teow is from the nationwide in singapore and indonesia region . sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow .
beef kway teow is from the singapore region . beef kway teow is located in singapore and indonesia . standard chinese is spoken in singapore . halimah yacob is the leader of singapore .
beef kway teow is from the singapore region . the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil . beef kway teow is located in indonesia . sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow .
bhajji is located in india . bhajji is from the karnataka region . bhajji is also known as bhaji , bajji . vegetable is an ingredient in bhajji .
bhajji is from the karnataka region . the main ingredients of bhajji are gram flour , vegetables . bhajji is also known as bhaji , bajji . vegetable is an ingredient in bhajji .
sweet potato is an ingredient in binignit . sweet potato belongs to the division of flowering plant . the main ingredients of binignit are sago . sweet potato belongs to the order of solanales .
binignit is from the visayas region . the main ingredients of binignit are coconut milk . binignit is located in philippines . sago is an ingredient in binignit .
bionico is located in mexico . bionico is a dessert . bionico is from the jalisco region . granola is an ingredient in bionico .
bionico is located in mexico . the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut , raisins . bionico is from the guadalajara region . sour cream is an ingredient in bionico .
bionico is located in mexico . silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico . bionico is a dessert . dessert is a variation of cookie .
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia . bakso is from the indonesia region . tapioca is an ingredient in bakso . bakso is located in indonesia .
baduy are an ethnic group in the united java . ayam penyet is from the singapore region . tony tan is the leader of singapore . ayam penyet is located in java .
ilocano people are an ethnic group in the united philippines . zamboangans are an ethnic group in the united philippines . philippine spanish is spoken in philippines . batchoy is located in philippines .
arabic is spoken in philippines . zamboangans are an ethnic group in the united philippines . batchoy is located in philippines . igorot people are an ethnic group in the united philippines .
philippine english is spoken in philippines . binignit is a dessert . dessert is a variation of cookie . binignit is located in philippines .
philippine english is spoken in philippines . binignit is a dessert . dessert is a variation of sandesh ( confectionery ) . binignit is located in philippines .
1634 : the bavarian crisis by 1634 : ring of fire ii english language is spoken in ring of fire ii . 1634 : the bavarian crisis by 1634 : the grantville gazette ii affair . 1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by virginia demarce and eric flint . grantville gazette ii by 1634 : the the grantville gazette affair .
cornell university is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . cornell university is affiliated with association of public and land - grant universities . cornell university is affiliated with association of american universities . the president of cornell university is elizabeth garrett . cornell university is located in the city of ithaca , new york .
english language is spoken in great great britain . soho press is the publisher of a loyal character dancer . a loyal character dancer is located in united states . african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . english language is spoken in united states .
english language is spoken in great great britain . soho press is the publisher of a loyal character dancer . a loyal character dancer is located in united states . native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . english language is spoken in united states .
english language is spoken in great great britain . soho press is the publisher of a loyal character dancer . soho press is located in united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . english language is spoken in united states .
english language is spoken in great great britain . english language is spoken in united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . a severed wasp is located in united states . native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states .
into battle ( novel ) is located in australians . into battle ( novel ) by 1634 : the violet keystone above the veil by 1634 : into battle ( novel ) above the veil by 1634 : the aenir affair . aenir by 1634 : the castle ( novel ) affair .
barack obama is the leader of united states . english language is spoken in a severed wasp . english language is spoken in great great britain . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . a severed wasp is located in united states .
barack obama is the leader of united states . english language is spoken in great great britain . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . english language is spoken in united states . a severed wasp is located in united states .
barack obama is the leader of united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . 1634 : the ram rebellion is located in united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . 1634 : the ram rebellion by 1634 : the 1634 : the galileo affair affair .
barack obama is the leader of united states . americans united states washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . 1634 : the ram rebellion is located in united states . african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
the united states , is led by the provincial president of the united states . english language is spoken in great great britain . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . english language is spoken in united states . a wizard of mars is located in united states .
albany , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) . the united states , is led by the provincial president of the united states . americans united states asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . albany , georgia is located in united states .
alpharetta , georgia is located in united states . native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . atlanta is the largest city in fulton county , georgia . alpharetta , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) . alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas . potter county , texas is located in the state of texas . texas is located in united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . english language is spoken in united states .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas . english language is spoken in texas . potter county , texas is located in the state of texas . amarillo , texas is located in united states . austin , texas is the capital of texas .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas . english language is spoken in texas . potter county , texas is located in the state of texas . potter county , texas is located in united states . austin , texas is the capital of texas .
anderson , indiana is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana . fall creek township , madison county , indiana is located in united states . anderson , indiana is part of anderson township , madison county , indiana . anderson , indiana , texas has a population density of 523 . 9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . anderson , indiana , texas has a total area of 107 . 43 ( square kilometres ) .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california . antioch , california is part of california . english language is spoken in california . contra costa county , california is part of san francisco bay area . the antioch , california , is led by the provincial california ' s 11th state assembly district .
the land area , of atlanta ( new mexico ) , is 344 . 9 ( square kilometres ) . atlanta , texas has a population density of 1299 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . the area code of atlanta , indiana is 404 . atlanta is part of dekalb county , georgia . atlanta , texas has a total area of 347 . 1 ( square kilometres ) .
attica , indiana is part of united states . attica , indiana , texas has a total area of 4 . 14 ( square kilometres ) . attica , indiana , indiana is located at 166 . 0 above sea level . attica , indiana is part of logan township , fountain county , indiana . attica , indiana , texas has a population density of 783 . 1 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama . alabama is located in united states . lee county , alabama is located in the state of alabama . african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington . auburn , washington is located in united states . auburn , washington is part of king county , washington . auburn , washington , texas has a population density of 914 . 8 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . auburn , washington , texas has a total area of 77 . 41 ( square kilometres ) .
austin , texas is part of texas . english language is spoken in texas . austin , texas is part of williamson county , texas . round rock , texas is the largest city in williamson county , texas . georgetown , texas is the county seat williamson county , texas , in indiana .
austin , texas is part of texas . houston is the largest city in texas . san marcos , texas is the county seat hays county , texas , in indiana . austin , texas is part of hays county , texas . english language is spoken in texas .
austin , texas is part of texas . houston is the largest city in texas . spanish language is spoken in texas . san marcos , texas is the county seat hays county , texas , in indiana . austin , texas is part of hays county , texas .
indianapolis is the capital of indiana . alexandria , indiana is part of indiana . indiana is located in united states . english americans is spoken in indiana . alexandria , indiana is part of madison county , indiana .
fort worth , texas is the county seat tarrant county , texas , in indiana . spanish language is spoken in texas . arlington , texas is part of tarrant county , texas . arlington , texas is part of texas . houston is the largest city in texas .
fort worth , texas is the largest city in tarrant county , texas . austin , texas is the capital of texas . arlington , texas is part of tarrant county , texas . arlington , texas is part of texas . texas is located in united states .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . white americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . new jersey is located in united states . new york city is the largest city in united states . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
americans united states washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . albany , oregon is located in united states . native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . albany , oregon is part of linn county , oregon .
americans united states asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . albany , oregon is part of oregon . albany , oregon is located in united states .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . english language is spoken in united states . angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana . americans united states angola , indiana is located in united states .
native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama . lee county , alabama is located in united states . lee county , alabama is located in the state of alabama . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states .
native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama . opelika , alabama is the county seat lee county , alabama , in indiana . lee county , alabama is located in united states . auburn , alabama is part of alabama .
native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . newark , new jersey is the largest city in new jersey . trenton , new jersey is the capital of new jersey . new jersey is located in united states . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
english language is spoken in united states . albuquerque , new mexico is part of new mexico . the united states , is led by the provincial president of the united states . the leader of united states is barack obama . albuquerque , new mexico is located in united states .
english language is spoken in united states . angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana . americans united states angola , indiana is located in united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
the leader of united states is barack obama . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . akron , ohio is located in united states . akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio .
the united states , is led by the provincial president of the united states . americans united states albany , georgia is located in united states . albany , georgia is part of united states . african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
11th mississippi infantry monument is located in united states . 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in seminary ridge . 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 . 11th mississippi infantry monument falls under the category of contributing property . 11th mississippi infantry monument is in the municipality of gettysburg , gettysburg , pennsylvania .
adams county , pennsylvania has to its southeast carroll county , maryland adams county , adams county , pennsylvania has cumberland county , cumberland county , pennsylvania to its north . frederick county , maryland , maryland is to the southwest of adams county , adams county , pennsylvania . 11th mississippi infantry monument falls under the category of contributing property . 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania .
baku is the capital of azerbaijan . the azerbaijan , is led by the provincial prime minister of azerbaijan . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan . artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan .
baku is the capital of azerbaijan . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan . artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan . national assembly ( azerbaijan ) dictates the legislature of azerbaijan .
the turkey , is led by the provincial president of turkey . the leader of turkey is ahmet davutoglu . ankara is the capital of turkey . istanbul is the largest city in turkey . ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey .
awh engineering college was established in 2001 . the academic staff at the awh awh engineering college college number 250 . awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala . kerala has to its northwest mahe , india awh engineering college is located in the city of kuttikkattoor .
acharya institute of technology is located in the city of bangalore . dr . g . p . prabhukumar is the director of acharya institute of technology . the number of post graduate students at acharya institute of technology is about 700 . acharya institute of technology campus in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
the president of acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy . acharya institute of technology is located in the city of bangalore . acharya institute of technology is located in india . the number of post graduate students at acharya institute of technology is about 700 . acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
the headquarters of the european university association association is in brussels . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark . the denmark , is led by the provincial monarchy of denmark . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with european university association .
mumbai is the largest city in india . awh engineering college is located in india . awh engineering college was established in 2001 . the academic staff at the awh awh engineering college college number 250 . awh engineering college is located in the city of kuttikkattoor .
mumbai is the largest city in india . awh engineering college is located in india . kochi is the leader of kerala . awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala . the ganges is a river in india .
the academic staff at the awh school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university college number 737 . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . the headquarters of the european university association association is in brussels . aarhus has to its northeast mols . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with european university association . aarhus is governed by the limerick magistrate council .
duncan rouleau is from the americans states . baymax was created by duncan rouleau . alan tudyk starred in big hero 6 ( film ) . baymax was created by steven t . seagle . baymax series big hero 6 ( film )
michele marcolini manages a . c . lumezzane . a . c . lumezzane ground is in italy . the leader of italy is pietro grasso . michele marcolini plays for f . c . bari 1908 . michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio .
stuart parker ( footballer ) manages a . f . c . blackpool . stuart parker ( footballer ) plays for chesterfield f . c . . stuart parker ( footballer ) plays for stockport county f . c . . a . f . c . blackpool ground is in blackpool . the leader of blackpool is labour party ( uk ) .
a . s . gubbio 1910 play in serie d . the leader of italy is sergio mattarella . a . s . gubbio 1910 ground is in italy . italian language is spoken in italy . the name of the championship football team in the serie d os the s . s . robur siena fk .
gus poyet manages aek athens f . c . . gus poyet plays for real zaragoza . olympic stadium ( athens ) is located in marousi . aek athens f . c . ground is in olympic stadium ( athens ) . gus poyet plays for chelsea f . c . .
the leader of italy is pietro grasso . italians italy rome is the capital of italy . a . s . gubbio 1910 ground is in italy . italian language is spoken in italy .
the official language of italy is italian language . italians italy rome is the capital of italy . the leader of italy is sergio mattarella . a . s . gubbio 1910 ground is in italy .
arem - arem is located in indonesia . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia . arem - arem is from the nationwide in indonesia , but more specific to java region . the indonesian rupiah is the currency in indonesia . indonesian language is spoken in indonesia .
asam pedas is located in malaysia . malaysian chinese are an ethnic group in the united malaysia . malaysian malay are an ethnic group in the united malaysia . kuala lumpur is the capital of malaysia . asam pedas is from the sumatra and malay peninsula region .
asam pedas is located in malaysia . malaysian malay are an ethnic group in the united malaysia . kuala lumpur is the capital of malaysia . malaysian indian are an ethnic group in the united malaysia . asam pedas is from the sumatra and malay peninsula region .
asam pedas is located in malaysia . malaysian malay are an ethnic group in the united malaysia . kuala lumpur is the capital of malaysia . malaysian indian are an ethnic group in the united malaysia . asam pedas is from the sumatra region .
asam pedas is located in malaysia . malaysian malay are an ethnic group in the united malaysia . abu zahar ujang is the leader of malaysia . malaysian indian are an ethnic group in the united malaysia . asam pedas is from the malay peninsula region .
bacon explosion is located in united states . the main ingredients of bacon explosion are bacon , sausage . bacon is an ingredient in bacon explosion . bacon explosion is from the kansas city metropolitan area region . the main ingredients of bacon explosion are sausage .
bacon explosion is located in united states . white americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . paul ryan is the leader of united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . english language is spoken in united states .
bacon sandwich is a variation of blt . the main ingredients of bacon sandwich are bread and bacon , with a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce . bacon sandwich is located in united kingdom . ketchup is an ingredient in bacon sandwich . bacon sandwich is also known as bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin .
baked alaska is located in france . manuel valls is the leader of france . gerard larcher is the leader of france . french language is spoken in france . baked alaska is from the hong kong region .
lemon is an ingredient in bandeja paisa . antioquia department is located in colombia . lemon belongs to the order of rosids . lemon is part of the rutaceae family . bandeja paisa is from the antioquia department region .
barny cakes is located in france . gerard larcher is the leader of france . french language is spoken in france . francois hollande is the leader of france . sponge cake is an ingredient in barny cakes .
batagor is located in indonesia . joko widodo is the leader of indonesia . batagor is a variation of siomay . peanut sauce is an ingredient in siomay . batagor is a variation of shumai .
batagor is located in indonesia . joko widodo is the leader of indonesia . shiitake is an ingredient in shumai . batagor is a variation of siomay . siomay is a variation of shumai .
batagor is located in indonesia . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia . shiitake is an ingredient in shumai . batagor is a variation of shumai . batagor is a variation of siomay .
bhajji is located in india . bhajji is from the karnataka region . the main ingredients of bhajji are gram flour , vegetables . bhajji is also known as bhaji , bajji . gram flour is an ingredient in bhajji .
bhajji is located in india . indian people india t . s . thakur is the leader of india . bhajji is from the karnataka region . vajubhai vala is the leader of karnataka .
bhajji is located in india . indian people india t . s . thakur is the leader of india . sumitra mahajan is the leader of india . bhajji is from the karnataka region .
bionico is located in mexico . bionico is a dessert . the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut , raisins . bionico is from the guadalajara region . sour cream is an ingredient in bionico .
bionico is located in mexico . spanish language is spoken in mexico . enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico . bionico is a variation of honey . bionico is a dessert .
bionico is located in mexico . silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico . bionico is from the jalisco region . bionico is a variation of honey . bionico is a dessert .
carles puigdemont is the leader of catalonia . arros negre is located in spain . spaniards are an ethnic group in the united spain . felipe vi of spain is the leader of spain . arros negre is from the catalonia region .
rome is the capital of italy . matteo renzi is the leader of italy . amatriciana sauce is located in italy . laura boldrini is the leader of italy . italian language is spoken in italy .
italians italy rome is the capital of italy . amatriciana sauce is located in italy . sergio mattarella is the leader of italy . laura boldrini is the leader of italy .
pietro grasso is the leader of italy . rome is the capital of italy . matteo renzi is the leader of italy . amatriciana sauce is located in italy . italian language is spoken in italy .
javanese people are an ethnic group in the united java . fried chicken is an ingredient in ayam penyet . the main ingredients of fried chicken are chicken . ayam penyet is from the nationwide , also can be found in malaysia and singapore region . ayam penyet is located in java .
javanese people are an ethnic group in the united java . english language is spoken in singapore . ayam penyet is from the singapore region . tony tan is the leader of singapore . ayam penyet is located in java .
arabic is spoken in philippines . zamboangans are an ethnic group in the united philippines . philippine spanish is spoken in philippines . batchoy is located in philippines . chinese filipino are an ethnic group in the united philippines .
spanish language is spoken in spain . ajoblanco is from the andalusia region . susana diaz is the leader of andalusia . ajoblanco is located in spain . spaniards are an ethnic group in the united spain .
felipe vi of spain is the leader of spain . ajoblanco is from the andalusia region . susana diaz is the leader of andalusia . ajoblanco is located in spain . spaniards spain
alan bean is from the united states states . alan bean was a test test pilot . alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . alan bean was chosen by nasa in 1963 . alan bean is retired .
alan shepard was a part of the crew of apollo 14 12 . distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) from the navy is higher than the department of department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard was born in new hampshire . apollo 14 is operated by nasa . the number of buzz alan shepard ' s awards are distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) .
apollo 8 12 was commanded by frank borman . william anders was a part of the crew of apollo 8 12 . william anders is from the united states states . william anders was born in british hong kong . apollo 8 is operated by nasa .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz aldrin is from the united states states . buzz aldrin was a part of the crew of apollo 11 12 . buzz aldrin was a test fighter pilot . buzz aldrin was born on 1930 - 01 - 20 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz aldrin was a part of the crew of apollo 11 12 . buzz aldrin is from the united states states . buzz aldrin was a test fighter pilot . apollo 11 is operated by nasa .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz aldrin was a part of the crew of apollo 11 12 . buzz aldrin was a test fighter pilot . massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 is buzz aldrin almamater . buzz aldrin is retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz aldrin was a part of the crew of apollo 11 12 . buzz aldrin is retired . william anders was a backup pilot of apollo 11 12 . apollo 11 is operated by nasa .
buzz aldrin was a part of the crew of apollo 11 12 . buzz aldrin is retired . buzz aldrin was born on 1930 - 01 - 20 . william anders was a backup pilot of apollo 11 12 . apollo 11 is operated by nasa .
california gemstone benitoite alan shepard was a part of the crew of apollo 14 12 . alan shepard died in california . the senator representing california was dianne feinstein . apollo 14 is operated by nasa .
distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) from the navy is higher than the department of department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard is from the united states states . alan shepard died in california . alan shepard was born in new hampshire . the number of buzz alan shepard ' s awards are distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) .
william anders retired on 1969 - 09 - 01 . william anders is from the united states states . william anders was a test fighter pilot . william anders was born in british hong kong . william anders was a part of the crew of apollo 8 12 .
aarhus airport is located in tirstrup . tirstrup is located in denmark . tirstrup is part of central denmark region . margrethe ii of denmark is the leader of denmark . faroese language is spoken in denmark .
the runway length of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is 4100 . 0 . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is elevated 610 . 0 metres above sea level . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is operated by enaire . 14l / 32r is the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport .
agra airport is located in india . the runway length of agra airport is 1818 . 0 . agra airport is operated by indian air force . agra airport is elevated 167 . 94 metres above sea level . the icao location identifier of agra airport is viag .
al asad airbase is operated by united states air force . al asad airbase is located in iraq . the runway length of al asad airbase is 3990 . 0 . the icao location identifier of al asad airbase is oraa . 08 / 26 is the runway name of al asad airbase .
al asad airbase is operated by united states air force . the runway length of al asad airbase is 3992 . 88 . al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq . the icao location identifier of al asad airbase is oraa . 08 / 26 is the runway name of al asad airbase .
al asad airbase is operated by united states air force . lockheed ac - 130 can be found on united states air force . boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft in the united states air force air force . united states air force air force aircraft fighter general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon one of the noted united states air force air force battles was the 1986 united states bombing of libya of grenada .
al asad airbase is operated by united states air force . one of the noted united states air force air force battles was the invasion of grenada of grenada . lockheed ac - 130 can be found on united states air force . lockheed c - 130 hercules is a transport aircraft in the united states air force air force . one of the noted united states air force air force battles was the operation enduring freedom of grenada .
the 1st runway at alderney airport airport is made from poaceae . the runway length of alderney airport is 733 . 0 . alderney airport serves the city of alderney . alderney airport is elevated 88 . 0 metres above sea level . 08 / 26 is the runway name of alderney airport .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan . the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 3310 . 0 . allama iqbal international airport is operated by pakistan civil aviation authority . allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore . 18l / 36r is the runway name of allama iqbal international airport .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan . the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 2900 . 0 . allama iqbal international airport is operated by pakistan civil aviation authority . allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore . 18r / 36l is the runway name of allama iqbal international airport .
alpena county regional airport is elevated 210 metres above sea level . the runway length of alpena county regional airport is 1533 . 0 . alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan . maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is located in united states . alpena county regional airport serves the city of alpena , michigan .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan . the runway length of alpena county regional airport is 1533 . 0 . alpena county regional airport serves the city of alpena , michigan . alpena county regional airport is elevated 210 metres above sea level . 7 / 25 is the runway name of alpena county regional airport .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan . the runway length of alpena county regional airport is 2744 . 0 . alpena county regional airport serves the city of alpena , michigan . alpena county regional airport is elevated 210 metres above sea level . 1 / 19 is the runway name of alpena county regional airport .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan . wilson township , alpena county , michigan is located in united states . alpena county regional airport is elevated 210 metres above sea level . the runway length of alpena county regional airport is 1533 . 0 . alpena county regional airport serves the city of alpena , michigan .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo . angola international airport serves the city of luanda . angola international airport is elevated 159 metres above sea level . 05l / 23r is the runway name of angola international airport . the runway length of angola international airport is 3800 . 0 .
athens international airport serves the city of athens . athens is located in greece . alexis tsipras is the leader of greece . greek language is spoken in greece . nikos voutsis is the leader of greece .
athens international airport serves the city of athens . athens is located in greece . alexis tsipras is the leader of greece . greek language is spoken in greece . prokopis pavlopoulos is the leader of greece .
atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city , new jersey . egg harbor township , new jersey is part of new jersey . atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey . egg harbor township , new jersey is located in united states . don guardian is the leader of atlantic city , new jersey .
philippe of belgium is the leader of belgium . antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp . charles michel is the leader of belgium . antwerp is located in belgium . city of brussels is the capital of belgium .
egg harbor township , new jersey is part of new jersey . the icao location identifier of atlantic city international airport is kacy . atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey . egg harbor township , new jersey is located in united states . egg harbor township , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey .
harrietstown , new york is located in united states . saranac lake , new york is part of harrietstown , new york . lake placid , new york is part of new york . adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york . adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york .
harrietstown , new york is located in united states . saranac lake , new york is part of harrietstown , new york . saranac lake , new york is part of essex county , new york . adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york . adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york .
indian air force has an aircraft - capable helicopter known hal light combat helicopter . agra airport is located in uttar pradesh . uttar pradesh is part of awadh . agra airport is operated by indian air force . uttar pradesh is part of bundelkhand .
indian air force has an aircraft - capable helicopter known hal light combat helicopter . agra airport is located in uttar pradesh . ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh . agra airport is operated by indian air force . uttar pradesh is part of bundelkhand .
haider al - abadi is the leader of iraq . fuad masum is the leader of iraq . al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah . fallujah is located in iraq . arabic is spoken in iraq .
200 public square is located in cleveland . 200 public square was completed in 1985 . cleveland is part of cuyahoga county , ohio . cleveland is part of ohio . cleveland is located in united states .
250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo , new york . the architecture style of 250 delaware avenue falls under brutalist postmodern architecture . january , 2014 was the start date for the building at 250 delaware avenue . 250 delaware avenue has a floor area of 30843 . 8 ( square metres ) . there are 12 floors at 250 delaware avenue .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago . rahm emanuel is the leader of chicago . chicago is located in united states . springfield , illinois is the capital of illinois . chicago is part of illinois .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in denmark . faroese language is spoken in denmark . margrethe ii of denmark is the leader of denmark . marriott marriott international was founded in washington , d . c . marriott marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in denmark . marriott marriott international was founded in washington , d . c . marriott marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen . rona bill marriott is the key person for marriott international . greenlandic language is spoken in denmark .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in denmark . marriott marriott international was founded in washington , d . c . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark . marriott marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen . greenlandic language is spoken in denmark .
adare manor is located in republic of ireland . the architect of adare manor is augustus pugin . one of the significant buildings designed by augustus pugin is the palace of westminster . augustus pugin was born in bloomsbury . enda kenny is the leader of republic of ireland .
addis ababa city hall was completed in 1964 . the government of addis ababa is the current tenant of addis ababa city hall . 1961 was the start date for the building at addis ababa city hall . addis ababa city hall has a floor area of 140000 . 0 ( square metres ) . the height of addis ababa city hall is 42 m .
akita museum of art is located in japan . there are 3 floors at akita museum of art . akita museum of art is located in akita , akita . akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture . akita museum of art is located on 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori .
akita museum of art is located in japan . akita museum of art is located in akita , akita . akita , akita is part of akita prefecture . taro aso is the leader of japan . chinese people in japan are an ethnic group in the united japan .
alan b . miller hall is located in virginia . the architect of alan b . miller hall is robert a . m . stern . alan b . miller hall is owned by college of william & mary . mason school of business is located in united states . the mason school of business is the current tenant of alan b . miller hall .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad . ahmedabad is located in india . amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat . sumitra mahajan is the leader of india . the gujarat , is led by the provincial gujarat legislative assembly .
ampara hospital is located in sri lanka . ranil wickremesinghe is the leader of sri lanka . ampara hospital is located in the state of eastern province , sri lanka . ampara hospital is from the ampara district region . austin fernando is the leader of eastern province , sri lanka .
ampara hospital is located in sri lanka . ranil wickremesinghe is the leader of sri lanka . ampara hospital is located in the state of eastern province , sri lanka . eastern province , sri lanka ' s governing body is eastern provincial council . sri jayawardenepura kotte is the capital of sri lanka .
the architect of asilomar conference grounds is julia morgan . julia morgan was born in san francisco . one of the significant buildings designed by julia morgan is the los angeles herald - examiner . hearst castle castle was a significant project of julia morgan . one of the significant buildings designed by julia morgan is the asilomar state beach .
the architect of asilomar conference grounds is julia morgan . julia morgan was born in san francisco . one of the significant buildings designed by julia morgan is the riverside art museum . hearst castle castle was a significant project of julia morgan . one of the significant buildings designed by julia morgan is the asilomar state beach .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city . new york city is located in united states . cyrus vance , jr . is the leader of manhattan . new york city is part of manhattan . new york city is part of new netherland .
antioch , birmingham has postal codes b postcode area . the architect of 103 colmore row is john madin . john madin was born in birmingham . john clancy ( labour politician ) is the leader of birmingham . birmingham ' s governing body is birmingham city council .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . the united states , is led by the provincial president of the united states . john roberts is the leader of united states . 250 delaware avenue is located in united states . barack obama is the leader of united states .
11th mississippi infantry monument is located in united states . 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in seminary ridge . 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania . 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the state of pennsylvania . 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 . 11th mississippi infantry monument falls under the category of contributing property .
adams county adams county , pennsylvania is east of franklin county , franklin county , pennsylvania . adams county , pennsylvania has to its southeast carroll county , maryland adams county , adams county , pennsylvania has cumberland county , cumberland county , pennsylvania to its north . frederick county , maryland , maryland is to the southwest of adams county , adams county , pennsylvania . 11th mississippi infantry monument falls under the category of contributing property . 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania .
the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade . baku is the capital of azerbaijan . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is made red granite and white marble . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is made red granite and white marble . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan . turk sehitleri aniti is the native name of baku turkish martyrs ' memorial . artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner .
monocacy national battlefield is located in frederick county , maryland . 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument was established in 1907 - 07 - 11 . 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in united states . 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument falls under the category of historic districts in the united states . 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the district of monocacy national battlefield . 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the state of maryland .
alan bean is from the united states states . alan bean was a test test pilot . alan bean was born on 1932 - 03 - 15 . alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . alan bean spent 100305 . 0 ( minutes ) in space . alan bean is retired .
alan shepard was a part of the crew of apollo 14 12 . distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) from the navy is higher than the department of department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard died in california . alan shepard was born in new hampshire . apollo 14 is operated by nasa . the number of buzz alan shepard ' s awards are distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) .
alfred worden was a backup pilot of apollo 12 12 . alan bean was a part of the crew of apollo 12 12 . apollo 12 is operated by nasa . alan bean retired on june 1981 . apollo 12 12 was commanded by david scott . alan bean ' s full name was " alan lavern bean " .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz aldrin is from the united states states . buzz aldrin was chosen by nasa in 1963 . buzz aldrin was a part of the crew of apollo 11 12 . buzz aldrin was a test fighter pilot . massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 is buzz aldrin almamater .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz aldrin was a part of the crew of apollo 11 12 . buzz aldrin was born on 1930 - 01 - 20 . massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 is buzz aldrin almamater . william anders was a backup pilot of apollo 11 12 . apollo 11 is operated by nasa .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz aldrin was a part of the crew of apollo 11 12 . buzz aldrin is from the united states states . buzz aldrin was a test fighter pilot . william anders was a backup pilot of apollo 11 12 . apollo 11 is operated by nasa .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz aldrin was chosen by nasa in 1963 . buzz aldrin was a part of the crew of apollo 11 12 . buzz aldrin was a test fighter pilot . massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 is buzz aldrin almamater . buzz aldrin was born on 1930 - 01 - 20 .
california gemstone benitoite smilodon is a fossil from california . distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) from the navy is higher than the department of department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard died in california . the senator representing california was dianne feinstein . the number of buzz alan shepard ' s awards are distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) .
william anders retired on 1969 - 09 - 01 . william anders is from the united states states . william anders was a test fighter pilot . william anders was born in british hong kong . william anders was a part of the crew of apollo 8 12 . afit , m . s . 1962 is william anders almamater .
william anders retired on 1969 - 09 - 01 . william anders was a part of the crew of apollo 8 12 . william anders was born in british hong kong . buzz aldrin was a backup pilot of apollo 8 12 . frank frank borman was a member of the crew on apollo 8 8 . apollo 8 is operated by nasa .
william anders was a part of the crew of apollo 8 12 . afit , m . s . 1962 is william anders almamater . buzz aldrin was a backup pilot of apollo 8 12 . frank frank borman was a member of the crew on apollo 8 8 . apollo 8 is operated by nasa . william anders is retired .
accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in switzerland . the dean of accademia di architettura di mendrisio is mario botta botta . accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in the city of mendrisio . accademia di architettura di mendrisio was established in 1996 . the academic staff at the awh accademia di architettura di mendrisio college number 100 . accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in ticino .
acharya institute of technology is located in the city of bangalore . acharya institute of technology is located in the state of karnataka . acharya institute of technology is located in india . the number of post graduate students at acharya institute of technology is about 700 . acharya institute of technology campus in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
the president of acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy . acharya institute of technology is located in the city of bangalore . acharya institute of technology was established in 2000 . acharya institute of technology is located in india . acharya institute of technology campus in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark . the headquarters of the european university association association is in brussels . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark . the denmark , is led by the provincial monarchy of denmark . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with european university association . in denmark the main religion is the church of denmark .
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark . the dean of school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen botta . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . the headquarters of the european university association association is in brussels . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with european university association .
mumbai is the largest city in india . awh engineering college is located in india . awh engineering college was established in 2001 . kochi is the leader of kerala . awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala . the ganges is a river in india .
germans of romania are an ethnic group in the united romania . klaus iohannis is the leader of romania . romania patronsaint andrew the apostle bucharest is the capital of romania . 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the anthem of romania is called desteapta - te , romane ! romane .
the academic staff at the awh school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university college number 737 . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . there are 16000 students at school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey . ankara is the capital of turkey . istanbul is the largest city in turkey . ataturk monument ( izmir ) is made bronze . the turkish lira is the currency in turkey . alan b . ataturk monument ( izmir ) hall was in augurated on 1932 - 07 - 27 . ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey .
the turkey , is led by the provincial president of turkey . the leader of turkey is ahmet davutoglu . ataturk monument ( izmir ) was designed by pietro canonica . ankara is the capital of turkey . ataturk monument ( izmir ) is made bronze . alan b . ataturk monument ( izmir ) hall was in augurated on 1932 - 07 - 27 . ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey .
the turkey , is led by the provincial president of turkey . ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey . ankara is the capital of turkey . istanbul is the largest city in turkey . the turkish lira is the currency in turkey . alan b . ataturk monument ( izmir ) hall was in augurated on 1932 - 07 - 27 . ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey .
accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in switzerland . the dean of accademia di architettura di mendrisio is mario botta botta . there are 600 students at accademia di architettura di mendrisio . accademia di architettura di mendrisio was established in 1996 . the academic staff at the awh accademia di architettura di mendrisio college number 100 . accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in the city of mendrisio . the switzerland , is led by the provincial federal chancellor of switzerland .
the president of acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy . acharya institute of technology is located in the city of bangalore . dr . g . p . prabhukumar is the director of acharya institute of technology . acharya institute of technology was established in 2000 . acharya institute of technology motto is nurturing excellence . acharya institute of technology is located in india . acharya institute of technology is located in the state of karnataka .
all india council for technical education was proud to give the technical campus status to acharya institute of technology . all india council for technical education is located in mumbai . karnataka has to its northeast telangana . tennis is one of the sports offered at acharya institute of technology . adams county karnataka is east of franklin county , arabian sea . acharya institute of technology is located in the state of karnataka . the sport tennis has a governing body called international tennis federation .
germans of romania are an ethnic group in the united romania . the romania , is led by the provincial prime minister of romania . alba iulia is located in romania . klaus iohannis is the leader of romania . bucharest is the capital of romania . 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the city of alba iulia . the anthem of romania is called desteapta - te , romane ! romane .
the academic staff at the awh school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university college number 737 . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark . the dean of school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen botta . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with european university association . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . the headquarters of the european university association association is in brussels . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark . the denmark , is led by the provincial monarchy of denmark . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with european university association . aarhus is governed by the limerick magistrate council .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with european university association . the dean of school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen botta . there are 16000 students at school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark . the latin name of school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is universitas aarhusiensis " . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 .
alan bean is from the united states states . alan bean was a test test pilot . alan bean was born on 1932 - 03 - 15 . ut austin , b . s . 1955 is alan bean almamater . alan bean was a part of the crew of apollo 12 12 . alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . alan bean is retired .
alan shepard is deceased . nwc , m . a . 1957 is alan shepard almamater . alan shepard died in california . alan shepard was a test test pilot . alan shepard was born in new hampshire . alan shepard was chosen by nasa in 1959 . alan shepard was born on 1923 - 11 - 18 .
alfred worden was a backup pilot of apollo 12 12 . alan bean was a part of the crew of apollo 12 12 . alan bean is from the united states states . apollo 12 is operated by nasa . alan bean was a test test pilot . apollo 12 12 was commanded by david scott . alan bean was born in wheeler , texas .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . edwin e . buzz aldrin , jr . was commonly edwin e . aldrin , jr . buzz aldrin was chosen by nasa in 1963 . buzz aldrin was a part of the crew of apollo 11 12 . buzz aldrin was a test fighter pilot . massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 is buzz aldrin almamater . buzz aldrin was born on 1930 - 01 - 20 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz aldrin is from the united states states . buzz aldrin spent 52 . 0 ( minutes ) in space . buzz aldrin was a part of the crew of apollo 11 12 . buzz aldrin was a test fighter pilot . massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 is buzz aldrin almamater . buzz aldrin was born on 1930 - 01 - 20 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz aldrin is from the united states states . buzz aldrin was a part of the crew of apollo 11 12 . the number of buzz buzz aldrin ' s awards are 20 . massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 is buzz aldrin almamater . buzz aldrin was born on 1930 - 01 - 20 . buzz aldrin is retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz aldrin was a part of the crew of apollo 11 12 . buzz aldrin is retired . buzz aldrin was born on 1930 - 01 - 20 . buzz aldrin is from the united states states . buzz aldrin was chosen by nasa in 1963 . apollo 11 is operated by nasa .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz aldrin was a part of the crew of apollo 11 12 . buzz aldrin is retired . buzz aldrin is from the united states states . massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 is buzz aldrin almamater . william anders was a backup pilot of apollo 11 12 . apollo 11 is operated by nasa .
william anders retired on 1969 - 09 - 01 . william anders is from the united states states . william anders is retired . william anders was born on 1933 - 10 - 17 . william anders was a test fighter pilot . william anders was born in british hong kong . william anders was a part of the crew of apollo 8 12 .
william anders retired on 1969 - 09 - 01 . william anders was a part of the crew of apollo 8 12 . william anders is from the united states states . william anders was born in british hong kong . buzz aldrin was a backup pilot of apollo 8 12 . frank frank borman was a member of the crew on apollo 8 8 . apollo 8 is operated by nasa .
william anders retired on 1969 - 09 - 01 . william anders was chosen by nasa in 1963 . william anders spent 8820 . 0 ( minutes ) in space . william anders was born on 1933 - 10 - 17 . william anders was a test fighter pilot . william anders was born in british hong kong . william anders was a part of the crew of apollo 8 12 .
