alan bean is from the united states states . alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . alan bean is retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz aldrin is from the united states states . joe biden is the leader of united states .
buzz aldrin is from the united states states . buzz aldrin was chosen by nasa in 1963 . massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 is buzz aldrin almamater .
university of texas at austin is elliot see almamater . elliot see was born in dallas . elliot see is from the united states states .
university of texas at austin is elliot see almamater . elliot see died in st . louis . elliot see was chosen by nasa in 1962 .
university of texas at austin is elliot see almamater . francis g . slay is the leader of st . louis . elliot see died in st . louis .
elliot see died in st . louis . st . louis is part of kingdom of france . elliot see died on 1966 - 02 - 28 .
the purple finch finch is a native bird to new new hampshire . alan shepard spent 13017 . 0 ( minutes ) in space . alan shepard was born in new hampshire .
1634 : the bavarian crisis has 448 pages . 1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by virginia demarce and eric flint . 1634 : the bavarian crisis is available in print .
english language is spoken in 1634 : the ram rebellion . english language is spoken in great great britain . 1634 : the ram rebellion by 1634 : the 1634 : the galileo affair affair .
association for computing machinery is the publisher of acm transactions on information systems . alexander l . wolf is the leader of association for computing machinery . association for computing machinery is headquartered at jinnah new york city airport .
the academic discipline of aids ( journal ) is hiv . the academic discipline of aids ( journal ) is hiv / aids . the issn number of aids ( journal ) is 0269 - 9370 .
the academic discipline of aids ( journal ) is hiv . the academic discipline of aids ( journal ) is hiv / aids . the issn number of aids ( journal ) is 1473 - 5571 .
aip aip advances editors include the following : a . t . charlie johnson . a . t . charlie johnson resides in the united states states . stanford university is a . t . charlie johnson almamater .
the oclc number of a fortress of grey ice is 51969173 . a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones . the isbn number of a fortress of grey ice 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong . the oclc number of a loyal character dancer is 49805501 . the isbn number of a loyal character dancer 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3
english language is spoken in a loyal character dancer . soho press is the publisher of a loyal character dancer . soho press is located in united states .
english language is spoken in a severed wasp . english language is spoken in great great britain . a severed wasp is located in united states .
a severed wasp has 388 pages . the oclc number of a severed wasp is 8805735 . a severed wasp is available in hardcover .
the issn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg is 1865 - 8784 . the lccn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg is 32024459 . abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg is abbreviated abh . math . semin . univ . hambg . . pol .
above the veil is located in australians . english language is spoken in aenir . aenir by 1634 : above the veil .
english language is spoken in above the veil . aenir was written by garth nix . aenir by 1634 : above the veil .
above the veil has 248 pages . above the veil was written by garth nix . above the veil is available in hardcover .
the issn number of acta palaeontologica polonica is 0567 - 7920 . the lccn number of acta palaeontologica polonica is 60040714 . acta palaeontologica polonica is abbreviated acta palaeontol . pol . . pol .
the academic discipline of addiction ( journal ) is addiction . addiction ( journal ) is abbreviated addiction . pol . the issn number of addiction ( journal ) is 1360 - 0443 .
wiley - blackwell is the publisher of addiction ( journal ) . wiley - blackwell is the parent company of the john wiley & sons press . the issn number of addiction ( journal ) is 0965 - 2140 .
cornell university is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . cornell university is affiliated with association of american universities . cornell university is located in the state of new york .
aenir was written by garth nix . english language is spoken in aenir . aenir by 1634 : above the veil .
english language is spoken in alcatraz versus the evil librarians . english language is spoken in great great britain . alcatraz versus the evil librarians is located in united states .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is available in hardcover . alcatraz versus the evil librarians has 320 pages . the oclc number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 78771100 .
english language is spoken in great great britain . english language is spoken in united states . alcatraz versus the evil librarians is located in united states .
john cowper powys was born in shirley , derbyshire . john cowper powys died in blaenau ffestiniog . a glastonbury romance was written by john cowper powys .
the founder of sage publications is sara miller mccune . the issn number of administrative science quarterly is 0001 - 8392 . sage publications is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . a severed wasp is located in united states . native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . english language is spoken in a wizard of mars . a wizard of mars is located in united states .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . a wizard of mars is located in united states .
barack obama is the leader of united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . a wizard of mars is located in united states .
the united states , is led by the provincial president of the united states . 1634 : the ram rebellion is located in united states . african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
the united states , is led by the provincial president of the united states . a fortress of grey ice is located in united states . native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states .
jens hartel manages 1 . fc magdeburg . jens hartel plays for 1 . fc lokomotive leipzig . jens hartel plays for sv germania schoneiche .
massimo drago manages a . c . cesena . massimo drago plays for a . s . d . licata 1931 . massimo drago plays for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
the full name of a . c . lumezzane is " associazione calcio lumezzane spa " . a . c . lumezzane play in lega pro / a . a . c . lumezzane has 4150 members .
jorge humberto rodriguez manages a . d . isidro metapan . jorge humberto rodriguez plays for alianza f . c . . jorge humberto rodriguez plays for el salvador national football team .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members . antonis milionis is the chairman of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis . a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis ground is in efxeinoupoli .
a . f . c . blackpool ground is in blackpool . a . f . c . blackpool has 1500 members . the full name of a . f . c . blackpool is " association football club blackpool " .
stuart parker ( footballer ) manages a . f . c . blackpool . stuart parker ( footballer ) plays for chesterfield f . c . . stuart parker ( footballer ) plays for runcorn f . c . halton .
dave challinor manages a . f . c . fylde . dave challinor plays for stockport county f . c . . dave challinor plays for colwyn bay f . c . .
a . s . livorno calcio ground is in livorno , italy . a . s . livorno calcio has 19238 members . the full name of a . s . livorno calcio is " livorno calcio s . p . a . " .
christian panucci manages a . s . livorno calcio . a . s . livorno calcio play in serie b . the name of the championship football team in the serie b os the carpi f . c . 1909 fk .
christian panucci manages a . s . livorno calcio . christian panucci plays for chelsea f . c . . christian panucci plays for real madrid c . f . .
aek athens f . c . play in superleague greece . the name of the championship football team in the superleague greece os the olympiacos f . c . fk . aek athens f . c . ground is in greece .
gus poyet manages aek athens f . c . . gus poyet plays for real zaragoza . gus poyet plays for chelsea f . c . .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ground is in amsterdam . the leader of amsterdam is eberhard van der laan . amsterdam noord is part amsterdam - centrum .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ground is in amsterdam . the leader of amsterdam is eberhard van der laan . amsterdam noord is part amsterdam - noord .
john van den brom manages az alkmaar . john van den brom plays for jong ajax . john van den brom plays for istanbulspor a . s . .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in campeonato brasileiro serie c . campeonato brasileiro serie c is located in brazil . agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ground is in estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca .
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio . luciano spalletti plays for empoli f . c . . luciano spalletti manages a . s . roma .
massimo drago plays for s . s . chieti calcio . massimo drago manages a . c . cesena . massimo drago plays for a . s . d . licata 1931 .
massimo drago plays for u . s . castrovillari calcio . massimo drago manages a . c . cesena . massimo drago plays for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
massimo drago plays for u . s . castrovillari calcio . massimo drago plays for s . s . chieti calcio . massimo drago manages a . c . cesena .
103 colmore row is located in colmore row . the architect of 103 colmore row is john madin . john madin was born in birmingham .
200 public square is located in cleveland . cleveland is part of cuyahoga county , ohio . frank g . jackson is the leader of cleveland .
250 delaware avenue is located in united states . 250 delaware avenue has a floor area of 30843 . 8 ( square metres ) . there are 12 floors at 250 delaware avenue .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago . rahm emanuel is the leader of chicago . chicago is part of dupage county , illinois .
the architect of 320 south boston building is george winkler . george winkler is located in united states . there are 22 floors at 320 south boston building .
3arena is located in north wall quay . the architect of 3arena is hok sve . 3arena was completed in december 2008 .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in denmark . marriott marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen . there are 23 floors at ac hotel bella sky copenhagen .
marriott marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen . the architect of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is 3xn . there are 23 floors at ac hotel bella sky copenhagen .
the architect of adare manor is augustus pugin . one of the significant buildings designed by augustus pugin is the palace of westminster . augustus pugin was born in bloomsbury .
the architect of adare manor is philip charles hardwick . adare manor was completed in 1862 . adare manor is owned by j . p . mcmanus .
the architecture style of adisham hall falls under brutalist tudor and jacabian . adisham hall was completed in 1931 . adisham hall is located in haputale .
the architecture style of adisham hall falls under brutalist tudor and jacabian . adisham hall is located in sri lanka . adisham hall was completed in 1931 .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka . adisham hall is located in haputale . ranil wickremesinghe is the leader of sri lanka .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka . sri jayawardenepura kotte is the capital of sri lanka . the sri lankan rupee is the currency in sri lanka .
30 march 2007 was the start date for the building at alan b . miller hall . mason school of business is located in united states . the mason school of business is the current tenant of alan b . miller hall .
the architect of asilomar conference grounds is julia morgan . julia morgan was born in san francisco . one of the significant buildings designed by julia morgan is the riverside art museum .
the architect of asilomar conference grounds is julia morgan . one of the significant buildings designed by julia morgan is the chinatown , san francisco . julia morgan was born in california .
asilomar conference grounds is located in asilomar blvd . , pacific grove , california . asilomar conference grounds were added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 - 02 - 27 . asilomar conference grounds has the reference number 87000823 in the national register of historic places .
asser levy public baths is located in avenue a ( manhattan ) . asser levy public baths was built in 1904 . asser levy public baths were added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1980 - 04 - 23 .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city . asser levy public baths was built in 1904 . asser levy public baths were added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1980 - 04 - 23 .
conservative party ( uk ) is the leader of birmingham . the architect of 103 colmore row is john madin . birmingham is the home town of john madin .
liberal democrats is the leader of birmingham . the architect of 103 colmore row is john madin . john madin was born in birmingham .
hailemariam desalegn is the leader of ethiopia . addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa . addis ababa is located in ethiopia .
anandiben patel is the leader of gujarat . amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad . amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat .
marriott international is located in bethesda , maryland . marriott marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen . rona bill marriott is the key person for marriott international .
albany , georgia is part of dougherty county , georgia . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . albany , georgia is located in united states .
albuquerque , new mexico , texas has a population density of 1142 . 3 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . the albuquerque , new mexico , is led by the provincial new mexico senate . albuquerque , new mexico , texas has a total area of 490 . 9 ( square kilometres ) .
alpharetta , georgia is located in united states . african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia .
alpharetta , georgia is located in united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . alpharetta , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) .
alpharetta , georgia is located in united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states .
anaheim , anaheim , california has a utc offset of - 7 . the area code of anaheim , california , indiana is 657 , 714 . anaheim , california , texas has a total area of 131 . 6 ( square kilometres ) .
anaheim , california is part of california . the anaheim , california , is led by the provincial california state senate . california state senate is located in california state capitol .
anderson , indiana is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana . lafayette township , madison county , indiana is located in united states . anderson , indiana is part of indiana .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana . angola , indiana is located in united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california . contra costa county , california is part of san francisco bay area . the antioch , california , is led by the provincial united states house of representatives .
arlington , texas is part of tarrant county , texas . fort worth , texas is the county seat tarrant county , texas , in indiana . tarrant county , texas is located in united states .
atlanta is located in united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states .
atlanta , texas has a population density of 1299 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . the area code of atlanta , indiana is 404 . atlanta , texas has a total area of 347 . 1 ( square kilometres ) .
atlantic city , new jersey is located in united states . newark , new jersey is the largest city in new jersey . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey . atlantic county , new jersey is located in united states . new york city is the largest city in united states .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama . alabama is located in united states . auburn , alabama is part of alabama .
auburn , washington is part of washington ( state ) . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . washington ( state ) is located in united states .
auburn , washington is part of washington ( state ) . olympia , washington is the capital of washington ( state ) . washington ( state ) is located in united states .
atlanta is the capital of georgia ( u . s . state ) . albany , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) . albany , georgia is part of dougherty county , georgia .
madison county , indiana is located in united states . alexandria , indiana is part of madison county , indiana . anderson , indiana is the largest city in madison county , indiana .
trenton , new jersey is the capital of new jersey . new jersey is located in united states . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
english language is spoken in texas . arlington , texas is part of texas . houston is the largest city in texas .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . attica , indiana is located in united states . attica , indiana is part of fountain county , indiana .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . fountain county , indiana is located in united states . attica , indiana is part of fountain county , indiana .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . english language is spoken in united states . akron , ohio is located in united states .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . akron , ohio is located in united states . akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon . albany , oregon is located in united states .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . the leader of united states is barack obama . albuquerque , new mexico is located in united states .
english language is spoken in united states . albany , georgia is located in united states . african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
english language is spoken in united states . angola , indiana is located in united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
the runway length of aarhus airport is 2776 . 0 . aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s . 10r / 28l is the runway name of aarhus airport .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york . the runway length of adirondack regional airport is 2003 . 0 . adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama . paracuellos de jarama is located in spain . paracuellos de jarama is part of community of madrid .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh . agra airport is operated by indian air force . the icao location identifier of agra airport is viag .
al asad airbase is operated by united states air force . al asad airbase is located in iraq . the runway length of al asad airbase is 3992 . 88 .
al asad airbase is operated by united states air force . united states air force air force aircraft fighter mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle one of the noted united states air force air force battles was the 1986 united states bombing of libya of grenada .
al asad airbase is operated by united states air force . one of the noted united states air force air force battles was the invasion of grenada of grenada . united states air force air force aircraft fighter mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle
the 1st runway at alderney airport airport is made from poaceae . the runway length of alderney airport is 877 . 0 . alderney airport serves the city of alderney .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan . allama iqbal international airport is operated by pakistan civil aviation authority . pakistan civil aviation authority is headquartered at jinnah jinnah international airport airport .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan . 18l / 36r is the runway name of allama iqbal international airport . the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 2900 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is elevated 210 metres above sea level . alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan . maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is located in united states .
andrews county airport is located in texas . the runway length of andrews county airport is 1773 . 0 . andrews county airport is elevated 973 . 0 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is located in texas . the runway length of andrews county airport is 896 . 0 . andrews county airport is elevated 973 . 0 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is located in texas . austin , texas is the capital of texas . english language is spoken in texas .
andrews county airport is located in texas . tejano texas texas is located in united states .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp . german language is spoken in belgium . antwerp is located in belgium .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey . egg harbor township , new jersey is located in united states . egg harbor township , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey .
atlantic city international airport is operated by port authority of new york and new jersey . port authority of new york and new jersey the new jersey region . port authority of new york and new jersey is headquartered at jinnah four world trade center airport .
the runway length of atlantic city international airport is 3048 . 0 . atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey . egg harbor township , new jersey is located in united states .
lahore is located in pakistan . allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore . anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan .
madrid is part of community of madrid . the leader party at madrid is the peoples ahora madrid . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid .
the leader party at madrid is the peoples ahora madrid . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid . madrid is located in spain .
the leader party at san sebastian de los reyes is the peoples people ' s party ( spain ) . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes . san sebastian de los reyes is located in spain .
11th mississippi infantry monument is located in united states . adams county , pennsylvania has to its southeast carroll county , maryland 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania .
adams county , pennsylvania has to its southeast carroll county , maryland 11th mississippi infantry monument is in the municipality of gettysburg , gettysburg , pennsylvania . 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania .
baku is the capital of azerbaijan . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan . turk sehitleri aniti is the native name of baku turkish martyrs ' memorial .
the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan . national assembly ( azerbaijan ) dictates the legislature of azerbaijan .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey . ankara is the capital of turkey . ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey .
amatriciana sauce is from the lazio region . amatriciana sauce is located in italy . guanciale is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
banana leaf is an ingredient in arem - arem . arem - arem is from the javanese cuisine region . the main ingredients of arem - arem are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce . tomato belongs to the division of flowering plant . tomato is part of the solanaceae family .
arrabbiata sauce is from the rome region . arrabbiata sauce is located in italy . olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
arrabbiata sauce is from the rome region . tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce . arrabbiata sauce is located in italy .
asam pedas is located in malaysia . the main ingredients of asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce . asam pedas is from the malay peninsula region .
asam pedas is located in malaysia . kuala lumpur is the capital of malaysia . arifin zakaria is the leader of malaysia .
ayam penyet is from the malaysia region . malaysian chinese are an ethnic group in the united malaysia . ayam penyet is located in indonesia .
lettuce is an ingredient in blt . blt is a variation of club sandwich . bacon sandwich is a variation of blt .
bacon explosion is located in united states . barack obama is the leader of united states . white americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
bacon explosion is located in united states . john roberts is the leader of united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states .
bacon sandwich is a variation of blt . blt is a variation of club sandwich . bread is an ingredient in bacon sandwich .
baked alaska is located in france . baked alaska is from the new york region . sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska .
baked alaska is located in france . manuel valls is the leader of france . the euro is the currency in france .
baked alaska is located in united states . baked alaska is from the new york region . christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska .
baked alaska is a dessert . dessert is a variation of cookie . sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska .
bakewell pudding is from the derbyshire dales region . bakewell pudding is a dessert . the main ingredients of bakewell pudding are ground almond , jam , butter , eggs .
bakewell pudding is from the derbyshire dales region . bakewell pudding is a variation of bakewell tart . the main ingredients of bakewell pudding are ground almond , jam , butter , eggs .
bakso is from the indonesia region . bakso is located in indonesia . beef is an ingredient in bakso .
avocado is an ingredient in bandeja paisa . bandeja paisa is located in colombian cuisine . bandeja paisa is from the paisa region region .
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region region . bandeja paisa is located in colombian cuisine . hogao is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
barny cakes is located in france . claude bartolone is the leader of france . manuel valls is the leader of france .
batchoy is located in philippines . the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef . noodle is an ingredient in batchoy .
batchoy is located in philippines . the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef . vegetable is an ingredient in batchoy .
beef kway teow is located in singapore . beef kway teow is from the nationwide in singapore and indonesia region . tony tan is the leader of singapore .
beef kway teow is from the singapore region . beef kway teow is located in indonesia . sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow .
beef kway teow is from the singapore region . oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow . beef kway teow is located in singapore and indonesia .
bhajji is located in india . the indian rupee is the currency in india . sumitra mahajan is the leader of india .
banana is an ingredient in binignit . binignit is a dessert . dessert is a variation of cookie .
sago is an ingredient in binignit . binignit is a dessert . dessert is a variation of cookie .
taro is an ingredient in binignit . binignit is a dessert . dessert is a variation of cookie .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato . banana is an ingredient in binignit . sweet potato belongs to the order of solanales .
bionico is located in mexico . bionico is a dessert . granola is an ingredient in bionico .
bionico is located in mexico . bionico is from the guadalajara region . raisin is an ingredient in bionico .
bionico is located in mexico . silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico . the mexican peso is the currency in mexico .
rome is the capital of italy . amatriciana sauce is located in italy . pietro grasso is the leader of italy .
arabic is spoken in philippines . batchoy is located in philippines . igorot people are an ethnic group in the united philippines .
tony tan is the leader of singapore . english language is spoken in singapore . beef kway teow is located in singapore .
tomato is part of the solanaceae family . tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce . tomato belongs to the order of solanales .
awh engineering college is located in india . the academic staff at the awh awh engineering college college number 250 . awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala .
acharya institute of technology is located in the city of bangalore . the number of post graduate students at acharya institute of technology is about 700 . acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
kochi is the leader of kerala . awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala . kerala has to its northwest mahe , india
germans of romania are an ethnic group in the united romania . 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the anthem of romania is called desteapta - te , romane ! romane .
germans of romania are an ethnic group in the united romania . klaus iohannis is the leader of romania . 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with european university association . the headquarters of the european university association association is in brussels . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 .
asterix ( comicscharacter ) was created by rene goscinny . rene goscinny is from the french people states . asterix ( comicscharacter ) was created by albert uderzo .
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman . bananaman broadcastedby bbc bananaman last aired on april 1986 - 04 - 15 .
big hero 6 ( film ) 6 was baymax ' s first film appearance . walt disney studios motion pictures the distributor of the film , big hero 6 ( film ) 6 . scott adsit starred in big hero 6 ( film ) .
walt disney studios motion pictures the distributor of the film , big hero 6 ( film ) 6 . baymax series big hero 6 ( film ) scott adsit starred in big hero 6 ( film ) .
ryan potter starred in big hero 6 ( film ) . walt disney studios motion pictures the distributor of the film , big hero 6 ( film ) 6 . baymax series big hero 6 ( film )
blockbuster ( comicscharacter ) was created by gardner fox . blockbuster ( comicscharacter ) is also known as mark desmond . blockbuster ( comicscharacter ) was created by carmine infantino .
bolt ( comicscharacter ) is also known as larry bolatinsky . bolt ( comicscharacter ) was created by dan mishkin . bolt ( comicscharacter ) was created by gary cohn ( comics ) .
bolt ( comicscharacter ) was created by ernie colon . bolt ( comicscharacter ) is also known as larry bolatinsky . bolt ( comicscharacter ) was created by gary cohn ( comics ) .
aaron s . daggett won the purple heart award . aaron s . daggett was born in maine . one of the noted aaron s . daggett air force battles was the battle of fredericksburg of grenada .
erasmus university rotterdam is ab klink almamater . ab klink party christian democratic appeal ab klink was born in netherlands .
abdul rahman ya ' kub hasdeputy stephen yong kuet tze abdul taib mahmud was born in kingdom of sarawak . abdul taib mahmud successor abdul rahman ya ' kub
abdul taib mahmud resides in the sarawak states . abdul taib mahmud was born in kingdom of sarawak . abdul taib mahmud party barisan ra ' ayat jati sarawak
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state . technical institute , kaduna is abdulsalami abubakar almamater . abdulsalami abubakar office ( workedat , workedas ) chief of the defence staff ( nigeria )
abdulsalami abubakar successor olusegun obasanjo abdulsalami abubakar militarybranch nigerian air force olusegun obasanjo inofficewhilevicepresident atiku abubakar
abdulsalami abubakar successor olusegun obasanjo abdulsalami abubakar militarybranch nigerian army olusegun obasanjo inofficewhilevicepresident atiku abubakar
abel caballero was born in ponteareas . abel caballero office ( workedat , workedas ) member of the congress of deputies abel caballero was born in galicia ( spain ) .
abel caballero was born in spain . abel caballero was born in galicia ( spain ) . abel caballero party spanish socialist workers ' party
one of the noted abner w . sibal air force battles was the world war ii of grenada . abner w . sibal militarybranch united states army world war ii 12 was commanded by joseph stalin .
abner w . sibal office ( workedat , workedas ) member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district abner w . sibal party republican party ( united states ) abner w . sibal was born in ridgewood , queens .
one of the noted adam holloway air force battles was the gulf war of grenada . gulf war 12 was commanded by george h . w . bush . adam holloway militarybranch grenadier guards
adam holloway party conservative party ( uk ) adam holloway was born in faversham . magdalene college , cambridge is adam holloway almamater .
one of the noted adam koc air force battles was the polish - soviet war of grenada . adam koc was born in congress poland . polish - soviet war 12 was commanded by leon trotsky .
one of the noted adam koc air force battles was the polish - soviet war of grenada . polish - soviet war ispartofmilitaryconflict russian civil war polish - soviet war 12 was commanded by leon trotsky .
adonis georgiadis was born in greece . adonis georgiadis office ( workedat , workedas ) deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally adonis georgiadis was born in athens .
adonis georgiadis was born in greece . adonis georgiadis office ( workedat , workedas ) minister for health adonis georgiadis was born in athens .
adonis georgiadis inofficewhileprimeminister antonis samaras new democracy ( greece ) colour blue adonis georgiadis party new democracy ( greece )
agnes kant is from the netherlands states . mark rutte is the leader of netherlands . agnes kant office ( workedat , workedas ) house of representatives ( netherlands )
agnes kant is from the netherlands states . mark rutte is the leader of netherlands . agnes kant party socialist party ( netherlands )
agnes kant office ( workedat , workedas ) member of the house of representatives agnes kant was born in west germany . radboud university nijmegen is agnes kant almamater .
one of the noted airey neave air force battles was the world war ii of grenada . airey neave activeyearsstartdate 1953 - 06 - 30 airey neave activeyearsenddate 1979 - 03 - 30
one of the noted airey neave air force battles was the world war ii of grenada . airey neave activeyearsstartdate 1974 - 03 - 04 airey neave activeyearsenddate 1979 - 03 - 30
albert b . white deathyear 1941 albert b . white was born on 1856 - 09 - 22 . albert b . white dateofdeath 1941 - 07 - 03
albert b . white spouse agnes ward white agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio . albert b . white successor william m . o . dawson
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island . albert jennings fountain died in united states . african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
albert jennings fountain died in new mexico territory . albert jennings fountain was born in new york city . albert jennings fountain was born in staten island .
albert jennings fountain died in united states . albert jennings fountain was born in new york . albert jennings fountain was born in staten island .
alberto teisaire died in buenos aires . buenos aires ' s governing body is buenos aires city legislature . horacio rodriguez larreta is the leader of buenos aires .
alberto teisaire profession rear admiral alberto teisaire successor isaac rojas alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina .
alfons gorbach died in graz . alfons gorbach was born in county of tyrol . alfons gorbach was born in austria .
alfred n . phillips successor albert e . austin alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut . alfred n . phillips office ( workedat , workedas ) member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district
alfred n . phillips successor albert e . austin alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut . alfred n . phillips office ( workedat , workedas ) member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district
allan shivers office ( workedat , workedas ) member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) allan shivers party democratic party ( united states ) allan shivers successor wilfred r . cousins , jr .
alvah sabin activeyearsenddate 1857 - 03 - 03 alvah sabin is from the vermont region . burlington , vermont is the largest city in vermont .
alvah sabin party whig party ( united states ) alvah sabin was born on 1793 - 10 - 23 . henry clay is the leader of whig party ( united states ) .
alvah sabin party whig party ( united states ) daniel webster is the leader of whig party ( united states ) . alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont .
american civil war 12 was commanded by abraham lincoln . one of the noted albert jennings fountain air force battles was the american civil war of grenada . albert jennings fountain was born in united states .
american civil war 12 was commanded by jefferson davis . one of the noted alfred moore scales air force battles was the battle of fredericksburg of grenada . battle of fredericksburg ispartofmilitaryconflict american civil war
doris bures is the leader of austria . alfons gorbach was born in county of tyrol . alfons gorbach died in austria .
doris bures is the leader of austria . alfons gorbach was born in tyrol ( state ) . alfons gorbach died in austria .
doris bures is the leader of austria . alfons gorbach died in styria . alfons gorbach died in austria .
battle of salem church 12 was commanded by robert e . lee . battle of salem church ispartofmilitaryconflict american civil war one of the noted aaron s . daggett air force battles was the battle of salem church of grenada .
the euro is the currency in netherlands . ab klink was born in stellendam . ab klink is from the netherlands states .
polish language is spoken in poland . adam koc is from the poland states . kashubians are an ethnic group in the united poland .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 escapevelocity 0 . 0925 ( kilometreperseconds ) ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 mass 5 . 6 ( kilograms ) ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 apoapsis 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres )
( 410777 ) 2009 fd orbitalperiod 39447000 . 0 ( 410777 ) 2009 fd periapsis 88234300000 . 0 ( 410777 ) 2009 fd discoverer spacewatch
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 minimumtemperature - 71 . 0 ( degreecelsius ) ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 maximumtemperature 500 . 0 ( kelvins ) ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 apoapsis 254989570 . 60815 ( kilometres )
( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 averagespeed 37 . 16 ( kilometreperseconds ) ( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 density 2 . 0 ( grampercubiccentimetres ) ( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 apoapsis 162164091 . 8388 ( kilometres )
1000 piazzia orbitalperiod 488160 . 0 1000 piazzia periapsis 352497000000 . 0 1000 piazzia epoch 2015 - 06 - 27
1001 gaussia epoch 2015 - 06 - 27 1001 gaussia was formerly called 1923 oaa907 xc . 1001 gaussia periapsis 419113394 . 55312 ( kilometres )
101 helena mass 3 . 0 ( kilograms ) 101 helena escapevelocity 0 . 0348 ( kilometreperseconds ) 101 helena apoapsis 441092000 . 0 ( kilometres )
1036 ganymed discoverer walter baade walter baade is from the germany states . university of gottingen is walter baade almamater .
103 hera discoverer james craig watson 103 hera epoch 2011 - 08 - 27 james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin .
103 hera discoverer james craig watson james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin . james craig watson deathcause peritonitis
103 hera epoch 2011 - 08 - 27 103 hera orbitalperiod 1622 . 213 ( days ) 103 hera apoapsis 437170000 . 0 ( kilometres )
103 hera escapevelocity 0 . 0482 ( kilometreperseconds ) 103 hera temperature 170 . 0 ( kelvins ) 103 hera apoapsis 437170000 . 0 ( kilometres )
107 camilla discoverer n . r . pogson n . r . pogson was born in nottingham . n . r . pogson is from the england states .
1089 tama epoch 2005 - 11 - 26 1089 tama was formerly called a894 va ; a904 vd ; . 1089 tama orbitalperiod 1202 . 846 ( days )
1089 tama epoch 2005 - 11 - 26 1089 tama periapsis 288749000000 . 0 1089 tama apoapsis 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres )
1097 vicia epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 1097 vicia was formerly called 1928 pc . 1097 vicia periapsis 279142000000 . 0
109 felicitas epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 109 felicitas mass 7 . 5 ( kilograms ) 109 felicitas orbitalperiod 139705000 . 0
109 felicitas epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 109 felicitas orbitalperiod 139705000 . 0 109 felicitas apoapsis 523329000 . 0 ( kilometres )
10 hygiea averagespeed 16 . 76 ( kilometreperseconds ) 10 hygiea orbitalperiod 5 . 57 ( days ) 10 hygiea apoapsis 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres )
10 hygiea averagespeed 16 . 76 ( kilometreperseconds ) 10 hygiea surfacearea 837080 . 744 ( squarekilometres ) 10 hygiea apoapsis 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres )
10 hygiea surfacearea 837080 . 744 ( squarekilometres ) 10 hygiea apoapsis 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres ) 10 hygiea temperature 164 . 0 ( kelvins )
110 lydia epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 110 lydia mass 6 . 7 ( kilograms ) 110 lydia periapsis 377016000000 . 0
110 lydia epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 110 lydia periapsis 377016000000 . 0 110 lydia apoapsis 440756000 . 0 ( kilometres )
aaron bertram associatedband / associatedmusicalartist kids imagine nation aaron bertram associatedband / associatedmusicalartist suburban legends suburban legends is in the genre of pop music .
aaron deer is in the genre of indie rock . aaron deer origin indiana aaron deer origin united states
aaron deer origin united states aaron deer is in the genre of psychedelia . aaron deer origin indiana
aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist twilight ( band ) aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist greymachine aaron turner is in the genre of black metal .
aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist twilight ( band ) aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist greymachine aaron turner is in the genre of drone music .
aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist twilight ( band ) aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist mamiffer aaron turner is in the genre of ambient music .
aaron turner is in the genre of black metal . aaron turner instrument electric guitar black metal musicfusiongenre death metal
aaron turner is in the genre of black metal . aaron turner instrument singing black metal musicfusiongenre death metal
abradab associatedband / associatedmusicalartist magik ( rapper ) abradab associatedband / associatedmusicalartist kaliber 44 abradab was born on 1978 - 11 - 12 .
abradab associatedband / associatedmusicalartist magik ( rapper ) abradab associatedband / associatedmusicalartist kaliber 44 abradab origin katowice
ace wilder is in the genre of hip hop music . hip hop music stylisticorigin funk hip hop music stylisticorigin disco
agustin barboza was born in asuncion . juan afara is the leader of paraguay . agustin barboza was born in paraguay .
al anderson ( nrbq band ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist nrbq al anderson ( nrbq band ) instrument singing al anderson ( nrbq band ) is in the genre of rock music .
alan frew is in the genre of rock music . rock music stylisticorigin country music rock music musicfusiongenre bhangra ( music )
albennie jones is in the genre of jazz . jazz stylisticorigin blues jazz musicfusiongenre afrobeat
albennie jones is in the genre of rhythm and blues . albennie jones was born in errata , mississippi . rhythm and blues derivative disco
aleksandra kovac associatedband / associatedmusicalartist bebi dol aleksandra kovac associatedband / associatedmusicalartist k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) aleksandra kovac is in the genre of pop music .
aleksandra kovac associatedband / associatedmusicalartist bebi dol aleksandra kovac associatedband / associatedmusicalartist kornelije kovac aleksandra kovac is in the genre of pop music .
aleksandra kovac is in the genre of rhythm and blues . aleksandra kovac associatedband / associatedmusicalartist k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) aleksandra kovac associatedband / associatedmusicalartist kristina kovac
alex day is in the genre of synthpop . synthpop stylisticorigin pop music synthpop stylisticorigin disco
alfred garth jones was born in england . alfred garth jones was born in manchester . alfred garth jones died in sidcup .
alfred garth jones died in london . alfred garth jones was born in england . alfred garth jones is from the united kingdom states .
alfred garth jones died in london . alfred garth jones is from the united kingdom states . alfred garth jones was born in manchester .
alfred garth jones died in sidcup . alfred garth jones was born in manchester . labour party ( uk ) is the leader of manchester .
alfred garth jones died in sidcup . alfred garth jones died in london . boris johnson is the leader of london .
alison o ' donnell associatedband / associatedmusicalartist flibbertigibbet alison o ' donnell associatedband / associatedmusicalartist mellow candle alison o ' donnell is in the genre of folk music of ireland .
alison o ' donnell associatedband / associatedmusicalartist mellow candle alison o ' donnell associatedband / associatedmusicalartist flibbertigibbet alison o ' donnell is in the genre of folk music .
alison o ' donnell is in the genre of jazz . jazz derivative funk alison o ' donnell instrument voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp
alison o ' donnell is in the genre of jazz . jazz derivative funk alison o ' donnell recordlabel static caravan recordings
allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama . allen forrest is in the genre of pop music . allen forrest background solo singer
allen forrest is in the genre of rhythm and blues . allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama . allen forrest background solo singer
alternative rock musicfusiongenre nu metal andrew white ( musician ) is in the genre of alternative rock . alternative rock stylisticorigin new wave music
anders osborne associatedband / associatedmusicalartist billy iuso anders osborne associatedband / associatedmusicalartist tab benoit anders osborne associatedband / associatedmusicalartist kirk joseph
anders osborne recordlabel rabadash records anders osborne is in the genre of rock music . rock music musicfusiongenre bhangra ( music )
andra ( singer ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist puya ( singer ) andra ( singer ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist crbl andra ( singer ) is in the genre of dance - pop .
andra ( singer ) is in the genre of rhythm and blues . andra ( singer ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist andreea balan andra ( singer ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist marius moga
andra ( singer ) is in the genre of rhythm and blues . andra ( singer ) background solo singer rhythm and blues derivative disco
andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist christian burns andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist jonathan mendelsohn andrew rayel is in the genre of trance music .
andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist jonathan mendelsohn andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist bobina andrew rayel is in the genre of trance music .
andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist jwaydan moyine christian burns is in the genre of house music . andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist christian burns
andrew white ( musician ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist marry banilow andrew white ( musician ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist kaiser chiefs andrew white ( musician ) recordlabel universal records ( defunct record label )
ska punk stylisticorigin ska aaron bertram associatedband / associatedmusicalartist suburban legends aaron bertram is in the genre of ska punk .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . albennie jones was born in errata , mississippi . albennie jones was born in united states .
1955 dodge engine v8 engine 1955 dodge transmission 3 - speed automatic 1955 dodge is also known as dodge coronet .
a - rosa luna shipclass cruise ship a - rosa luna length 125800 . 0 ( millimetres ) a - rosa luna shipordered 2004 - 01 - 22
a - rosa luna shipdisplacement 1850 . 0 ( tonnes ) a - rosa luna topspeed 24 . 0 a - rosa luna length 125800 . 0 ( millimetres )
aida cruises is located in germany . aidastella is operated by aida cruises . aidastella is owned by costa crociere .
aidastella christeningdate 2013 - 03 - 16 aidastella shipinservice 2013 - 03 - 17 aidastella length 253260 . 0 ( millimetres )
alco rs - 3 builder american locomotive company alco rs - 3 engine four - stroke engine alco rs - 3 length 17068 . 8 ( millimetres )
alco rs - 3 builder american locomotive company alco rs - 3 engine v12 engine alco rs - 3 length 17068 . 8 ( millimetres )
alco rs - 3 builder american locomotive company alco rs - 3 length 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) marriott american locomotive company was founded in schenectady , new york
alv x - 1 countryorigin united states african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . americans united states
alv x - 1 countryorigin united states native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states .
alv x - 1 diameter 1 . 524 ( metres ) alv x - 1 rocketstages 2 alv x - 1 totallaunches 1
abarth 1000 gt coupe productionendyear 1958 abarth 1000 gt coupe bodystyle coupe abarth 1000 gt coupe engine straight - four engine
abarth 1000 gt coupe wheelbase 2160 . 0 ( millimetres ) abarth 1000 gt coupe width 1 . 55 abarth 1000 gt coupe bodystyle two door coupe
aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) shipbeam 21 . 2 aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) builder helsinki aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) builder arctech helsinki shipyard
alfa romeo 164 assembly italy rome is the capital of italy . alfa romeo 164 relatedmeanoftransportation fiat croma
alfa romeo 164 assembly italy rome is the capital of italy . alfa romeo 164 relatedmeanoftransportation lancia thema
alfa romeo 164 relatedmeanoftransportation fiat croma alfa romeo 164 assembly arese alfa romeo 164 relatedmeanoftransportation lancia thema
alfa romeo 164 relatedmeanoftransportation fiat croma alfa romeo 164 assembly milan alfa romeo 164 relatedmeanoftransportation saab 9000
alhambra shipbeam 8 . 3 m alhambra length 63800 . 0 ( millimetres ) alhambra shiplaunch 1855 - 05 - 31
alhambra shipbeam 8 . 3 m alhambra shiplaunch 1855 - 05 - 31 alhambra is wrecked .
alvis speed 25 manufacturer alvis car and engineering company marriott alvis car and engineering company was founded in coventry alvis speed 25 engine petrol
american motors fate eagle ( automobile ) amc matador manufacturer american motors rona roy d . chapin , jr . is the key person for american motors .
antares ( rocket ) manufacturer yuzhnoye design office antares ( rocket ) comparable delta ii delta ii countryorigin united states
antares ( rocket ) manufacturer yuzhnoye design office antares ( rocket ) launchsite mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 antares ( rocket ) function medium expendable launch system
ariane 5 manufacturer arianespace ela - 3 site guiana space centre ariane 5 launchsite ela - 3
aston martin v8 relatedmeanoftransportation aston martin dbs aston martin v8 assembly newport pagnell , buckinghamshire , england , united kingdom aston martin v8 engine 5 . 3 ( litres )
aston martin v8 relatedmeanoftransportation aston martin dbs aston martin v8 engine 5 . 3 ( litres ) aston martin v8 assembly united kingdom
atlas ii countryorigin united states atlas ii launchsite vandenberg air force base atlas ii launchsite cape canaveral air force station
atlas ii countryorigin united states native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . the united states , is led by the provincial president of the united states .
atlas ii launchsite cape canaveral air force station atlas ii countryorigin united states atlas ii launchsite spaceport florida launch complex 36
audi a1 engine 1 . 2 ( litres ) audi a1 assembly audi brussels audi a1 bodystyle hatchback
audi a1 manufacturer audi audi a1 relatedmeanoftransportation seat ibiza audi a1 relatedmeanoftransportation volkswagen polo
marriott caterpillar inc . was founded in california caterpillar inc . is located in peoria , illinois . aidaluna powertype caterpillar inc .
caterpillar inc . is located in illinois . aidaluna is owned by aida cruises . aidaluna powertype caterpillar inc .
costa crociere is located in genoa . aidastella is operated by aida cruises . aidastella is owned by costa crociere .
delta ii launchsite vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 antares ( rocket ) comparable delta ii delta ii countryorigin united states
guiana space centre is headquartered at jinnah french guiana airport . ela - 3 site guiana space centre ariane 5 launchsite ela - 3
guiana space centre is located in kourou , french guiana . ela - 3 site guiana space centre ariane 5 launchsite ela - 3
neptun werft is located in rostock . a - rosa luna builder neptun werft neptun werft locationcountry germany
americans united states atlas ii countryorigin united states african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
aaron hunt plays for vfl wolfsburg . michele aaron hunt played youth football for goslarer sc 08 . aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen .
aaron hunt plays for vfl wolfsburg . dieter hecking manages vfl wolfsburg . aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen ii .
michele abel hernandez played youth football for central espanol . abel hernandez plays for hull city a . f . c . . abel hernandez plays for u . s . citta di palermo .
michele abel hernandez played youth football for central espanol . abel hernandez plays for u . s . citta di palermo . abel hernandez plays for penarol .
adam maher plays for psv eindhoven . adam maher was born in netherlands . adam maher plays for az alkmaar .
akeem adams plays for united petrotrin f . c . . united petrotrin f . c . ground is in palo seco . akeem adams plays for w connection f . c . .
akeem ayers formerteam los angeles rams akeem ayers draftround 2 akeem ayers draftpick 39
akeem ayers formerteam st . louis rams akeem ayers draftround 2 akeem ayers draftpick 39
akeem dent debutteam atlanta falcons akeem dent was born on 1987 - 09 - 27 . akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia .
alaa abdul - zahra was born in iraq . alaa abdul - zahra plays for shabab al - ordon club . alaa abdul - zahra plays for iraq national under - 20 football team .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc . al kharaitiyat sc ground is in al khor . alaa abdul - zahra plays for shabab al - ordon club .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for hamilton academical f . c . . alan martin ( footballer ) was born on 1989 - 01 - 01 . alan martin ( footballer ) plays for clyde f . c . .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for motherwell f . c . . alan martin ( footballer ) plays for accrington stanley f . c . . accrington stanley f . c . ground is in accrington .
aleksander barkov , jr . plays for florida panthers . aleksander barkov , jr . was born on 1995 - 09 - 02 . aleksander barkov , jr . was born in tampere , finland .
aleksander barkov , jr . draftteam florida panthers aleksander barkov , jr . was born on 1995 - 09 - 02 . aleksander barkov , jr . was born in tampere , finland .
aleksandr chumakov died in russia . vladimir putin is the leader of russia . aleksandr chumakov was born in soviet union .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 1989 - 02 - 24 . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc alania vladikavkaz .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 1989 - 02 - 24 . aleksandr prudnikov plays for russia national football b team . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc tom tomsk .
aleksandre guruli plays for olympique lyonnais . olympique lyonnais ground is in parc olympique lyonnais . aleksandre guruli plays for azal pfk .
aleksandre guruli plays for olympique lyonnais . olympique lyonnais ground is in parc olympique lyonnais . aleksandre guruli plays for us lesquin .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . c . milan . sinisa mihajlovic manages a . c . milan . alessio romagnoli plays for italy national under - 16 football team .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . c . milan . sinisa mihajlovic manages a . c . milan . alessio romagnoli plays for u . c . sampdoria .
alessio romagnoli plays for italy national under - 16 football team . italy national under - 16 football team coach daniele zoratto alessio romagnoli plays for a . s . roma .
alessio romagnoli plays for italy national under - 17 football team . alessio romagnoli plays for u . c . sampdoria . alessio romagnoli was born in italy .
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba . the height of alex plante is 1 . 9304 . alex plante plays for anyang halla .
the height of alex plante is 1 . 9304 . alex plante plays for anyang halla . alex plante was born in canada .
alex tyus play in euroleague . alex tyus plays for maccabi ashdod b . c . . maccabi ashdod b . c . coach zvi sherf
alex tyus play in turkish basketball super league . alex tyus plays for maccabi ashdod b . c . . maccabi ashdod b . c . coach zvi sherf
fc spartak moscow ground is in otkrytiye arena . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc tom tomsk . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow .
fc spartak moscow ground is in otkrytiye arena . michele aleksandr prudnikov played youth football for fc spartak moscow . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc anzhi makhachkala .
fc torpedo moscow played in the 2014 - 15 russian premier league season . aleksandr chumakov plays for fc torpedo moscow . valery petrakov manages fc torpedo moscow .
steve bruce manages hull city a . f . c . . abel hernandez plays for hull city a . f . c . . abel hernandez plays for uruguay olympic football team .
sergey sobyanin is the leader of moscow . aleksandr chumakov died in russia . aleksandr chumakov was born in moscow .
luis miguel ramis manages real madrid castilla . abner ( footballer ) plays for brazil national under - 20 football team . abner ( footballer ) plays for real madrid castilla .
luis miguel ramis manages real madrid castilla . abner ( footballer ) plays for real madrid castilla . abner ( footballer ) plays for c . d . fas .
st . louis is part of greater st . louis . alex tyus was born in st . louis . francis g . slay is the leader of st . louis .
tennessee titans is located in the city of nashville , tennessee . akeem ayers formerteam new england patriots akeem ayers debutteam tennessee titans
united petrotrin f . c . ground is in palo seco . akeem adams plays for trinidad and tobago national under - 20 football team . akeem adams plays for united petrotrin f . c . .
