1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the state of alba . (id1)
the president of acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy . (id2)
kerala has to its northwest mahe , india (id3)
mendrisio neighboringmunicipality meride (id4)
bucharest is the capital of romania . (id5)
the dean of school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen botta . (id6)
there are 16000 students at school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university . (id7)
the nickname of 1 decembrie 1918 university is uab . 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the state of alba . (id8)
acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . visvesvaraya technological university is located in the city of belgaum . (id9)
the president of acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy . acharya institute of technology is located in the city of bangalore . (id10)
all india council for technical education was proud to give the technical campus status to acharya institute of technology . all india council for technical education is located in mumbai . (id11)
kochi is the leader of kerala . awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala . (id12)
awh engineering college is located in india . the academic staff at the awh awh engineering college college number 250 . awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala . (id13)
acharya institute of technology is located in the city of bangalore . the number of post graduate students at acharya institute of technology is about 700 . acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . (id14)
kochi is the leader of kerala . awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala . kerala has to its northwest mahe , india (id15)
germans of romania are an ethnic group in the united romania . 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the anthem of romania is called desteapta - te , romane ! romane . (id16)
germans of romania are an ethnic group in the united romania . klaus iohannis is the leader of romania . 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . (id17)
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with european university association . the headquarters of the european university association association is in brussels . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 . (id18)
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 . (id19)
awh engineering college is located in india . awh engineering college was established in 2001 . awh engineering college is located in the city of kuttikkattoor . the ganges is a river in india . (id20)
acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . visvesvaraya technological university is located in the city of belgaum . acharya institute of technology is located in india . acharya institute of technology campus in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . (id21)
acharya institute of technology is located in the city of bangalore . dr . g . p . prabhukumar is the director of acharya institute of technology . acharya institute of technology is located in india . acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . (id22)
all india council for technical education was proud to give the technical campus status to acharya institute of technology . all india council for technical education is located in mumbai . tennis is one of the sports offered at acharya institute of technology . the sport tennis has a governing body called international tennis federation . (id23)
alba iulia is part of alba county . bucharest is the capital of romania . 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the city of alba iulia . 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . (id24)
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark . aarhus is governed by the limerick magistrate council . (id25)
kochi is the leader of kerala . the academic staff at the awh awh engineering college college number 250 . awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala . awh engineering college is located in the city of kuttikkattoor . (id26)
germans of romania are an ethnic group in the united romania . bucharest is the capital of romania . 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the anthem of romania is called desteapta - te , romane ! romane . (id27)
klaus iohannis is the leader of romania . alba iulia is located in romania . bucharest is the capital of romania . 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the city of alba iulia . (id28)
awh engineering college was established in 2001 . the academic staff at the awh awh engineering college college number 250 . awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala . kerala has to its northwest mahe , india awh engineering college is located in the city of kuttikkattoor . (id29)
acharya institute of technology is located in the city of bangalore . dr . g . p . prabhukumar is the director of acharya institute of technology . the number of post graduate students at acharya institute of technology is about 700 . acharya institute of technology campus in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . (id30)
the president of acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy . acharya institute of technology is located in the city of bangalore . acharya institute of technology is located in india . the number of post graduate students at acharya institute of technology is about 700 . acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . (id31)
the headquarters of the european university association association is in brussels . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark . the denmark , is led by the provincial monarchy of denmark . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with european university association . (id32)
mumbai is the largest city in india . awh engineering college is located in india . awh engineering college was established in 2001 . the academic staff at the awh awh engineering college college number 250 . awh engineering college is located in the city of kuttikkattoor . (id33)
mumbai is the largest city in india . awh engineering college is located in india . kochi is the leader of kerala . awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala . the ganges is a river in india . (id34)
the academic staff at the awh school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university college number 737 . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 . (id35)
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . the headquarters of the european university association association is in brussels . aarhus has to its northeast mols . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with european university association . aarhus is governed by the limerick magistrate council . (id36)
accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in switzerland . the dean of accademia di architettura di mendrisio is mario botta botta . accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in the city of mendrisio . accademia di architettura di mendrisio was established in 1996 . the academic staff at the awh accademia di architettura di mendrisio college number 100 . accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in ticino . (id37)
acharya institute of technology is located in the city of bangalore . acharya institute of technology is located in the state of karnataka . acharya institute of technology is located in india . the number of post graduate students at acharya institute of technology is about 700 . acharya institute of technology campus in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . (id38)
the president of acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy . acharya institute of technology is located in the city of bangalore . acharya institute of technology was established in 2000 . acharya institute of technology is located in india . acharya institute of technology campus in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . (id39)
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark . the headquarters of the european university association association is in brussels . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark . the denmark , is led by the provincial monarchy of denmark . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with european university association . in denmark the main religion is the church of denmark . (id40)
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark . the dean of school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen botta . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . the headquarters of the european university association association is in brussels . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with european university association . (id41)
mumbai is the largest city in india . awh engineering college is located in india . awh engineering college was established in 2001 . kochi is the leader of kerala . awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala . the ganges is a river in india . (id42)
germans of romania are an ethnic group in the united romania . klaus iohannis is the leader of romania . romania patronsaint andrew the apostle bucharest is the capital of romania . 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the anthem of romania is called desteapta - te , romane ! romane . (id43)
the academic staff at the awh school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university college number 737 . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . there are 16000 students at school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 . (id44)
accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in switzerland . the dean of accademia di architettura di mendrisio is mario botta botta . there are 600 students at accademia di architettura di mendrisio . accademia di architettura di mendrisio was established in 1996 . the academic staff at the awh accademia di architettura di mendrisio college number 100 . accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in the city of mendrisio . the switzerland , is led by the provincial federal chancellor of switzerland . (id45)
the president of acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy . acharya institute of technology is located in the city of bangalore . dr . g . p . prabhukumar is the director of acharya institute of technology . acharya institute of technology was established in 2000 . acharya institute of technology motto is nurturing excellence . acharya institute of technology is located in india . acharya institute of technology is located in the state of karnataka . (id46)
all india council for technical education was proud to give the technical campus status to acharya institute of technology . all india council for technical education is located in mumbai . karnataka has to its northeast telangana . tennis is one of the sports offered at acharya institute of technology . adams county karnataka is east of franklin county , arabian sea . acharya institute of technology is located in the state of karnataka . the sport tennis has a governing body called international tennis federation . (id47)
germans of romania are an ethnic group in the united romania . the romania , is led by the provincial prime minister of romania . alba iulia is located in romania . klaus iohannis is the leader of romania . bucharest is the capital of romania . 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the city of alba iulia . the anthem of romania is called desteapta - te , romane ! romane . (id48)
the academic staff at the awh school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university college number 737 . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark . the dean of school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen botta . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with european university association . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 . (id49)
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . the headquarters of the european university association association is in brussels . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark . the denmark , is led by the provincial monarchy of denmark . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with european university association . aarhus is governed by the limerick magistrate council . (id50)
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with european university association . the dean of school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen botta . there are 16000 students at school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark . the latin name of school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is universitas aarhusiensis " . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 . (id51)
