aaron s . daggett won the purple heart award . (id1)
one of the noted aaron s . daggett air force battles was the battle of mine run of grenada . (id2)
ab klink was born in stellendam , netherlands . (id3)
abdul rahman ya ' kub inofficewhilevicepresident tuanku bujang tuanku othman (id4)
abdul taib mahmud party parti bumiputera sarawak (id5)
abdul taib mahmud successor sulaiman abdul rahman taib (id6)
abdulsalami abubakar activeyearsenddate 1999 - 05 - 29 (id7)
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna . (id8)
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state . (id9)
abner w . sibal activeyearsenddate 1965 - 01 - 03 (id10)
abner w . sibal died in alexandria , virginia . (id11)
adam holloway was born in kent . (id12)
adam holloway resides in the gravesend states . (id13)
university of adelaide is adenan satem almamater . (id14)
adolf scharf was born in mikulov . (id15)
adonis georgiadis inofficewhileprimeminister antonis samaras (id16)
adonis georgiadis office ( workedat , workedas ) deputy minister for development , competitiveness and shipping (id17)
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf . (id18)
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio . (id19)
airey neave activeyearsstartdate 1953 - 06 - 30 (id20)
airey neave won the military cross award . (id21)
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london . (id22)
airey neave militaryrank lieutenant colonel (id23)
airey neave servicestartyear 1935 (id24)
albert b . white party republican party ( united states ) (id25)
albert b . white spouse agnes ward white (id26)
albert jennings fountain militarybranch union army (id27)
alberto teisaire is from the argentina states . (id28)
alberto teisaire profession rear admiral in the argentine navy (id29)
alfons gorbach died in austria . (id30)
alfred moore scales activeyearsstartdate 1875 - 03 - 04 (id31)
one of the noted alfred moore scales air force battles was the battle of chancellorsville of grenada . (id32)
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut . (id33)
alfred n . phillips office ( workedat , workedas ) mayor of stamford , connecticut (id34)
allan shivers activeyearsstartdate 1947 - 01 - 21 (id35)
allan shivers militarybranch united states army (id36)
allan shivers successor price daniel (id37)
alvah sabin activeyearsstartdate 1853 - 03 - 04 (id38)
alvah sabin party whig party ( united states ) (id39)
american civil war 12 was commanded by robert e . lee . (id40)
austrian german is spoken in austria . (id41)
battle of antietam 12 was commanded by robert e . lee . (id42)
battle of cold harbor ispartofmilitaryconflict american civil war (id43)
gabriela michetti is the leader of buenos aires . (id44)
gulf war 12 was commanded by colin powell . (id45)
john f . kennedy predecessor dwight d . eisenhower (id46)
university of vienna is josef klaus almamater . (id47)
juan carlos i of spain predecessor francisco franco (id48)
juan peron party labour party ( argentina ) (id49)
mark rutte is the leader of netherlands . (id50)
one of the noted united states army air force battles was the spanish - american war of grenada . (id51)
william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland . (id52)
aaron s . daggett won the purple heart award . one of the noted aaron s . daggett air force battles was the battle of fredericksburg of grenada . (id53)
one of the noted aaron s . daggett air force battles was the battle of gettysburg of grenada . aaron s . daggett won the purple heart award . (id54)
abdul rahman ya ' kub hasdeputy stephen yong kuet tze abdul taib mahmud successor abdul rahman ya ' kub (id55)
abdul taib mahmud party parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu abdul taib mahmud was born in kingdom of sarawak . (id56)
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna . technical institute , kaduna is abdulsalami abubakar almamater . (id57)
abdulsalami abubakar office ( workedat , workedas ) chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state . (id58)
abdulsalami abubakar office ( workedat , workedas ) chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) abdulsalami abubakar successor al - amin daggash (id59)
abdulsalami abubakar successor olusegun obasanjo abdulsalami abubakar activeyearsenddate 1999 - 05 - 29 (id60)
abdulsalami abubakar successor olusegun obasanjo abdulsalami abubakar inofficewhilevicepresident mike akhigbe (id61)
one of the noted abner w . sibal air force battles was the world war ii of grenada . world war ii 12 was commanded by joseph stalin . (id62)
abner w . sibal militarybranch united states army one of the noted united states army air force battles was the korean war of grenada . (id63)
adam holloway was born in kent . magdalene college , cambridge is adam holloway almamater . (id64)
adam holloway resides in the gravesend states . adam holloway was born in kent . (id65)
one of the noted adam koc air force battles was the world war i of grenada . adam koc won the virtuti militari award . (id66)
adonis georgiadis was born in athens . adonis georgiadis office ( workedat , workedas ) deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally (id67)
adonis georgiadis was born in greece . adonis georgiadis was born in athens . (id68)
adonis georgiadis was born in greece . adonis georgiadis office ( workedat , workedas ) deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally (id69)
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf . agnes kant office ( workedat , workedas ) parliamentary group leader (id70)
airey neave won the military cross award . airey neave unit royal artillery (id71)
one of the noted airey neave air force battles was the battle of france of grenada . airey neave activeyearsstartdate 1974 - 03 - 04 (id72)
one of the noted airey neave air force battles was the battle of france of grenada . battle of france 12 was commanded by hugo sperrle . (id73)
one of the noted airey neave air force battles was the world war ii of grenada . airey neave was born in knightsbridge . (id74)
one of the noted airey neave air force battles was the world war ii of grenada . world war ii 12 was commanded by franklin d . roosevelt . (id75)
one of the noted airey neave air force battles was the world war ii of grenada . world war ii 12 was commanded by joseph stalin . (id76)
albert b . white deathyear 1941 albert b . white was born on 1856 - 09 - 22 . (id77)
albert b . white profession politician albert b . white was born on 1856 - 09 - 22 . (id78)
albert jennings fountain died in dona ana county , new mexico . albert jennings fountain was born in new york city . (id79)
albert jennings fountain inofficewhilevicepresident edmund j . davis albert jennings fountain died in new mexico territory . (id80)
albert jennings fountain party republican party ( united states ) albert jennings fountain was born in new york city . (id81)
alberto teisaire office ( workedat , workedas ) provisional president of the argentine senate alberto teisaire successor isaac rojas (id82)
alfons gorbach was born in austria . alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary . (id83)
alfons gorbach was born in tyrol ( state ) . alfons gorbach was born in austria . (id84)
alfred moore scales office ( workedat , workedas ) governor of north carolina alfred moore scales successor james w . reid ( politician ) (id85)
alfred moore scales successor daniel gould fowle princeton university is daniel gould fowle almamater . (id86)
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut . alfred n . phillips office ( workedat , workedas ) united states house of representatives (id87)
alfred n . phillips militarybranch united states army one of the noted united states army air force battles was the american civil war of grenada . (id88)
one of the noted allan shivers air force battles was the world war ii of grenada . world war ii 12 was commanded by joseph stalin . (id89)
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas . allan shivers office ( workedat , workedas ) member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) (id90)
allan shivers office ( workedat , workedas ) member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) allan shivers successor ben ramsey (id91)
alvah sabin was born on 1793 - 10 - 23 . alvah sabin office ( workedat , workedas ) secretary of state of vermont (id92)
the euro is the currency in netherlands . agnes kant is located in netherlands . (id93)
mark rutte is the leader of netherlands . agnes kant is located in netherlands . (id94)
parkersburg , west virginia is located in united states . albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia . (id95)
aaron s . daggett won the purple heart award . aaron s . daggett was born in maine . one of the noted aaron s . daggett air force battles was the battle of fredericksburg of grenada . (id96)
erasmus university rotterdam is ab klink almamater . ab klink party christian democratic appeal ab klink was born in netherlands . (id97)
abdul rahman ya ' kub hasdeputy stephen yong kuet tze abdul taib mahmud was born in kingdom of sarawak . abdul taib mahmud successor abdul rahman ya ' kub (id98)
abdul taib mahmud resides in the sarawak states . abdul taib mahmud was born in kingdom of sarawak . abdul taib mahmud party barisan ra ' ayat jati sarawak (id99)
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state . technical institute , kaduna is abdulsalami abubakar almamater . abdulsalami abubakar office ( workedat , workedas ) chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) (id100)
abdulsalami abubakar successor olusegun obasanjo abdulsalami abubakar militarybranch nigerian air force olusegun obasanjo inofficewhilevicepresident atiku abubakar (id101)
abdulsalami abubakar successor olusegun obasanjo abdulsalami abubakar militarybranch nigerian army olusegun obasanjo inofficewhilevicepresident atiku abubakar (id102)
abel caballero was born in ponteareas . abel caballero office ( workedat , workedas ) member of the congress of deputies abel caballero was born in galicia ( spain ) . (id103)
abel caballero was born in spain . abel caballero was born in galicia ( spain ) . abel caballero party spanish socialist workers ' party (id104)
one of the noted abner w . sibal air force battles was the world war ii of grenada . abner w . sibal militarybranch united states army world war ii 12 was commanded by joseph stalin . (id105)
abner w . sibal office ( workedat , workedas ) member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district abner w . sibal party republican party ( united states ) abner w . sibal was born in ridgewood , queens . (id106)
one of the noted adam holloway air force battles was the gulf war of grenada . gulf war 12 was commanded by george h . w . bush . adam holloway militarybranch grenadier guards (id107)
adam holloway party conservative party ( uk ) adam holloway was born in faversham . magdalene college , cambridge is adam holloway almamater . (id108)
one of the noted adam koc air force battles was the polish - soviet war of grenada . adam koc was born in congress poland . polish - soviet war 12 was commanded by leon trotsky . (id109)
one of the noted adam koc air force battles was the polish - soviet war of grenada . polish - soviet war ispartofmilitaryconflict russian civil war polish - soviet war 12 was commanded by leon trotsky . (id110)
adonis georgiadis was born in greece . adonis georgiadis office ( workedat , workedas ) deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally adonis georgiadis was born in athens . (id111)
adonis georgiadis was born in greece . adonis georgiadis office ( workedat , workedas ) minister for health adonis georgiadis was born in athens . (id112)
adonis georgiadis inofficewhileprimeminister antonis samaras new democracy ( greece ) colour blue adonis georgiadis party new democracy ( greece ) (id113)
agnes kant is from the netherlands states . mark rutte is the leader of netherlands . agnes kant office ( workedat , workedas ) house of representatives ( netherlands ) (id114)
agnes kant is from the netherlands states . mark rutte is the leader of netherlands . agnes kant party socialist party ( netherlands ) (id115)
agnes kant office ( workedat , workedas ) member of the house of representatives agnes kant was born in west germany . radboud university nijmegen is agnes kant almamater . (id116)
one of the noted airey neave air force battles was the world war ii of grenada . airey neave activeyearsstartdate 1953 - 06 - 30 airey neave activeyearsenddate 1979 - 03 - 30 (id117)
one of the noted airey neave air force battles was the world war ii of grenada . airey neave activeyearsstartdate 1974 - 03 - 04 airey neave activeyearsenddate 1979 - 03 - 30 (id118)
albert b . white deathyear 1941 albert b . white was born on 1856 - 09 - 22 . albert b . white dateofdeath 1941 - 07 - 03 (id119)
albert b . white spouse agnes ward white agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio . albert b . white successor william m . o . dawson (id120)
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island . albert jennings fountain died in united states . african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . (id121)
albert jennings fountain died in new mexico territory . albert jennings fountain was born in new york city . albert jennings fountain was born in staten island . (id122)
albert jennings fountain died in united states . albert jennings fountain was born in new york . albert jennings fountain was born in staten island . (id123)
alberto teisaire died in buenos aires . buenos aires ' s governing body is buenos aires city legislature . horacio rodriguez larreta is the leader of buenos aires . (id124)
alberto teisaire profession rear admiral alberto teisaire successor isaac rojas alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina . (id125)
alfons gorbach died in graz . alfons gorbach was born in county of tyrol . alfons gorbach was born in austria . (id126)
alfred n . phillips successor albert e . austin alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut . alfred n . phillips office ( workedat , workedas ) member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district (id127)
alfred n . phillips successor albert e . austin alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut . alfred n . phillips office ( workedat , workedas ) member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district (id128)
allan shivers office ( workedat , workedas ) member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) allan shivers party democratic party ( united states ) allan shivers successor wilfred r . cousins , jr . (id129)
alvah sabin activeyearsenddate 1857 - 03 - 03 alvah sabin is from the vermont region . burlington , vermont is the largest city in vermont . (id130)
alvah sabin party whig party ( united states ) alvah sabin was born on 1793 - 10 - 23 . henry clay is the leader of whig party ( united states ) . (id131)
alvah sabin party whig party ( united states ) daniel webster is the leader of whig party ( united states ) . alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont . (id132)
american civil war 12 was commanded by abraham lincoln . one of the noted albert jennings fountain air force battles was the american civil war of grenada . albert jennings fountain was born in united states . (id133)
american civil war 12 was commanded by jefferson davis . one of the noted alfred moore scales air force battles was the battle of fredericksburg of grenada . battle of fredericksburg ispartofmilitaryconflict american civil war (id134)
doris bures is the leader of austria . alfons gorbach was born in county of tyrol . alfons gorbach died in austria . (id135)
doris bures is the leader of austria . alfons gorbach was born in tyrol ( state ) . alfons gorbach died in austria . (id136)
doris bures is the leader of austria . alfons gorbach died in styria . alfons gorbach died in austria . (id137)
battle of salem church 12 was commanded by robert e . lee . battle of salem church ispartofmilitaryconflict american civil war one of the noted aaron s . daggett air force battles was the battle of salem church of grenada . (id138)
the euro is the currency in netherlands . ab klink was born in stellendam . ab klink is from the netherlands states . (id139)
polish language is spoken in poland . adam koc is from the poland states . kashubians are an ethnic group in the united poland . (id140)
one of the noted aaron s . daggett air force battles was the american civil war of grenada . aaron s . daggett won the purple heart award . aaron s . daggett died in west roxbury . aaron s . daggett was born in maine . (id141)
one of the noted aaron s . daggett air force battles was the battle of the wilderness of grenada . aaron s . daggett won the purple heart award . aaron s . daggett died in west roxbury . aaron s . daggett was born in maine . (id142)
erasmus university rotterdam is ab klink almamater . erasmus university rotterdam is affiliated with association of mbas . ab klink office ( workedat , workedas ) ministry of health , welfare and sport ( netherlands ) ab klink was born in netherlands . (id143)
abdul taib mahmud party parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu abdul taib mahmud is from the asajaya region . abdul taib mahmud resides in the kuching states . abdul taib mahmud was born in miri , malaysia . (id144)
abdul taib mahmud resides in the sarawak states . abdul taib mahmud party parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu abdul taib mahmud is from the asajaya region . abdul taib mahmud was born in kingdom of sarawak . (id145)
abdul taib mahmud successor adenan satem adenan satem was born in japanese occupation of british borneo . abdul taib mahmud resides in the sarawak states . abdul taib mahmud party barisan ra ' ayat jati sarawak (id146)
abdul taib mahmud successor adenan satem adenan satem was born in japanese occupation of british borneo . abdul taib mahmud resides in the sarawak states . abdul taib mahmud party parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu (id147)
abdulsalami abubakar inofficewhilevicepresident mike akhigbe abdulsalami abubakar militarybranch nigerian army mike akhigbe predecessor oladipo diya mike akhigbe successor atiku abubakar (id148)
abdulsalami abubakar inofficewhilevicepresident mike akhigbe mike akhigbe predecessor oladipo diya abdulsalami abubakar successor al - amin daggash abdulsalami abubakar militarybranch nigerian air force (id149)
abel caballero inofficewhilemonarch juan carlos i of spain juan carlos i of spain predecessor francisco franco abel caballero inofficewhileprimeminister felipe gonzalez abel caballero was born in galicia ( spain ) . (id150)
abel caballero office ( workedat , workedas ) minister of transport abel caballero was born in galicia ( spain ) . abel caballero was born in spain . abel caballero party spanish socialist workers ' party (id151)
abraham a . ribicoff spouse casey ribicoff native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . abraham a . ribicoff was born in new britain , connecticut . abraham a . ribicoff is from the united states states . (id152)
one of the noted adam holloway air force battles was the gulf war of grenada . adam holloway was born in kent . adam holloway activeyearsstartdate 2005 - 05 - 05 magdalene college , cambridge is adam holloway almamater . (id153)
one of the noted adam koc air force battles was the polish - soviet war of grenada . polish language is spoken in poland . polish - soviet war 12 was commanded by joseph stalin . adam koc is from the poland states . (id154)
one of the noted adam koc air force battles was the polish - soviet war of grenada . polish - soviet war ispartofmilitaryconflict russian civil war adam koc died in new york city . polish - soviet war 12 was commanded by joseph stalin . (id155)
adonis georgiadis was born in athens . adonis georgiadis was born in greece . adonis georgiadis office ( workedat , workedas ) vice - president of new democracy adonis georgiadis successor makis voridis (id156)
adonis georgiadis was born in athens . adonis georgiadis was born in greece . adonis georgiadis office ( workedat , workedas ) ministry of economy , development and tourism ( greece ) adonis georgiadis successor makis voridis (id157)
adonis georgiadis office ( workedat , workedas ) member of the hellenic parliament adonis georgiadis was born in athens . adonis georgiadis was born in greece . adonis georgiadis successor makis voridis (id158)
agnes kant is from the netherlands states . the euro is the currency in netherlands . emile roemer party socialist party ( netherlands ) emile roemer is the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) . (id159)
agnes kant is from the netherlands states . mark rutte is the leader of netherlands . agnes kant office ( workedat , workedas ) house of representatives ( netherlands ) agnes kant party socialist party ( netherlands ) (id160)
agnes kant is from the netherlands states . mark rutte is the leader of netherlands . emile roemer party socialist party ( netherlands ) emile roemer is the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) . (id161)
agnes kant is from the netherlands states . socialist party ( netherlands ) colour red emile roemer is the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) . agnes kant party socialist party ( netherlands ) (id162)
one of the noted airey neave air force battles was the battle of france of grenada . airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london . airey neave activeyearsstartdate 1953 - 06 - 30 airey neave activeyearsenddate 1979 - 03 - 30 (id163)
one of the noted airey neave air force battles was the battle of france of grenada . airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london . airey neave activeyearsstartdate 1974 - 03 - 04 airey neave activeyearsenddate 1979 - 03 - 30 (id164)
airey neave unit royal artillery royal artillery garrison hohne one of the noted airey neave air force battles was the world war ii of grenada . world war ii 12 was commanded by chiang kai - shek . (id165)
albert b . white was born in cleveland . albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia . albert b . white successor william m . o . dawson william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland . (id166)
albert b . white successor william m . o . dawson albert b . white was born in cleveland . albert b . white activeyearsenddate 1905 - 03 - 04 albert b . white activeyearsstartdate 1901 - 03 - 04 (id167)
albert jennings fountain was born in new york . french language is spoken in new york . american civil war 12 was commanded by abraham lincoln . one of the noted albert jennings fountain air force battles was the american civil war of grenada . (id168)
albert jennings fountain died in dona ana county , new mexico . albert jennings fountain was born in new york city . one of the noted albert jennings fountain air force battles was the american civil war of grenada . american civil war 12 was commanded by jefferson davis . (id169)
albert jennings fountain died in new mexico territory . albert jennings fountain died in united states . albert jennings fountain was born in new york . albert jennings fountain was born in staten island . (id170)
alberto teisaire died in buenos aires . horacio rodriguez larreta is the leader of buenos aires . alberto teisaire party justicialist party alberto teisaire inofficewhilepresident juan peron (id171)
alberto teisaire office ( workedat , workedas ) provisional president of the argentine senate alberto teisaire profession rear admiral alberto teisaire successor isaac rojas alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina . (id172)
alfred moore scales successor daniel gould fowle alfred moore scales office ( workedat , workedas ) governor of north carolina alfred moore scales party democratic party ( united states ) alfred moore scales was born in reidsville , north carolina . (id173)
alfred n . phillips militarybranch united states army one of the noted united states army air force battles was the whiskey rebellion of grenada . alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut . alfred n . phillips office ( workedat , workedas ) member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district (id174)
alfred n . phillips party democratic party ( united states ) alfred n . phillips successor albert e . austin alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut . alfred n . phillips office ( workedat , workedas ) member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district (id175)
alfred n . phillips party democratic party ( united states ) alfred n . phillips successor albert e . austin alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut . alfred n . phillips office ( workedat , workedas ) mayor of stamford , connecticut (id176)
allan shivers party democratic party ( united states ) allan shivers successor price daniel allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas . allan shivers office ( workedat , workedas ) governor of texas (id177)
allan shivers party democratic party ( united states ) allan shivers successor wilfred r . cousins , jr . allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas . allan shivers office ( workedat , workedas ) governor of texas (id178)
alvah sabin office ( workedat , workedas ) secretary of state of vermont alvah sabin is from the vermont ' s 3rd congressional district region . burlington , vermont is the largest city in vermont . alvah sabin is located in the state of vermont . (id179)
alvah sabin party whig party ( united states ) daniel webster is the leader of whig party ( united states ) . alvah sabin is from the vermont region . burlington , vermont is the largest city in vermont . (id180)
battle of gettysburg ispartofmilitaryconflict american civil war american civil war 12 was commanded by robert e . lee . one of the noted aaron s . daggett air force battles was the battle of gettysburg of grenada . aaron s . daggett won the purple heart award . (id181)
juan peron party labour party ( argentina ) alberto teisaire is from the argentina states . spanish language is spoken in argentina . alberto teisaire inofficewhilepresident juan peron (id182)
juan peron party labour party ( argentina ) alberto teisaire successor isaac rojas alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina . alberto teisaire inofficewhilepresident juan peron (id183)
abdul taib mahmud party parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu abdul taib mahmud is from the asajaya region . abdul taib mahmud resides in the kuching states . abdul taib mahmud was born in miri , malaysia . abdul taib mahmud was born on 1936 - 05 - 21 . (id184)
abdul taib mahmud successor adenan satem abdul taib mahmud party parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu abdul taib mahmud was born in kingdom of sarawak . abdul taib mahmud resides in the demak jaya , jalan bako , kuching , sarawak states . university of adelaide is adenan satem almamater . (id185)
abdulsalami abubakar inofficewhilevicepresident mike akhigbe abdulsalami abubakar activeyearsenddate 1999 - 05 - 29 mike akhigbe predecessor oladipo diya mike akhigbe militarybranch nigerian navy mike akhigbe successor atiku abubakar (id186)
abdulsalami abubakar successor olusegun obasanjo abdulsalami abubakar inofficewhilevicepresident mike akhigbe abdulsalami abubakar activeyearsenddate 1999 - 05 - 29 abdulsalami abubakar militarybranch nigerian army mike akhigbe predecessor oladipo diya (id187)
abraham a . ribicoff died in united states . abraham a . ribicoff party democratic party ( united states ) abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut . abraham a . ribicoff is from the united states states . abraham a . ribicoff office ( workedat , workedas ) governor of connecticut (id188)
abraham a . ribicoff office ( workedat , workedas ) united states secretary of health , education , and welfare abraham a . ribicoff party democratic party ( united states ) abraham a . ribicoff died in new york city . abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut . abraham a . ribicoff is from the united states states . (id189)
abraham a . ribicoff spouse casey ribicoff native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut . abraham a . ribicoff is from the united states states . abraham a . ribicoff died in new york . (id190)
adam holloway was born in kent . adam holloway office ( workedat , workedas ) member of parliament for gravesham adam holloway activeyearsstartdate 2005 - 05 - 05 adam holloway militarybranch grenadier guards magdalene college , cambridge is adam holloway almamater . (id191)
adam holloway party conservative party ( uk ) adam holloway was born in faversham , kent , england . adam holloway activeyearsstartdate 2005 - 05 - 05 adam holloway militarybranch grenadier guards magdalene college , cambridge is adam holloway almamater . (id192)
adonis georgiadis inofficewhileprimeminister antonis samaras antonis samaras inofficewhileprimeminister konstantinos mitsotakis adonis georgiadis was born in greece . adonis georgiadis was born in athens . adonis georgiadis successor makis voridis (id193)
agnes kant is from the netherlands states . mark rutte is the leader of netherlands . agnes kant office ( workedat , workedas ) house of representatives ( netherlands ) emile roemer party socialist party ( netherlands ) emile roemer is the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) . (id194)
agnes kant is from the netherlands states . mark rutte is the leader of netherlands . agnes kant office ( workedat , workedas ) house of representatives ( netherlands ) khadija arib is the leader of house of representatives ( netherlands ) . agnes kant resides in the doesburg states . (id195)
agnes kant is from the netherlands states . mark rutte is the leader of netherlands . agnes kant resides in the doesburg states . emile roemer party socialist party ( netherlands ) emile roemer is the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) . (id196)
albert b . white birthyear 1856 albert b . white deathyear 1941 albert b . white was born on 1856 - 09 - 22 . albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia . albert b . white dateofdeath 1941 - 07 - 03 (id197)
albert b . white spouse agnes ward white albert b . white was born in cleveland . albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia . albert b . white successor william m . o . dawson william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland . (id198)
albert b . white spouse agnes ward white albert b . white successor william m . o . dawson albert b . white office ( workedat , workedas ) governor of west virginia albert b . white was born in cleveland . albert b . white activeyearsenddate 1905 - 03 - 04 (id199)
albert b . white successor william m . o . dawson albert b . white party republican party ( united states ) albert b . white was born in cleveland . albert b . white activeyearsenddate 1905 - 03 - 04 albert b . white activeyearsstartdate 1901 - 03 - 04 (id200)
alberto teisaire died in buenos aires . juan peron spouse eva peron juan peron party labour party ( argentina ) horacio rodriguez larreta is the leader of buenos aires . alberto teisaire inofficewhilepresident juan peron (id201)
alberto teisaire office ( workedat , workedas ) provisional president of the argentine senate alberto teisaire profession rear admiral alberto teisaire successor isaac rojas alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina . alberto teisaire was born on 1891 - 05 - 20 . (id202)
alfons gorbach died in styria . alfons gorbach party austrian people ' s party alfons gorbach died in graz . alfons gorbach was born in tyrol ( state ) . alfons gorbach was born in austria . (id203)
alfons gorbach died in styria . alfons gorbach party austrian people ' s party alfons gorbach died in graz . alfons gorbach was born in tyrol ( state ) . alfons gorbach was born in imst . (id204)
alvah sabin activeyearsenddate 1857 - 03 - 03 alvah sabin is from the vermont ' s 3rd congressional district region . burlington , vermont is the largest city in vermont . alvah sabin is located in the state of vermont . alvah sabin died in sycamore , illinois . (id205)
alvah sabin is from the vermont ' s 3rd congressional district region . alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont . burlington , vermont is the largest city in vermont . alvah sabin is located in the state of vermont . alvah sabin died in sycamore , illinois . (id206)
american civil war 12 was commanded by jefferson davis . alfred moore scales is located in united states . one of the noted alfred moore scales air force battles was the battle of gettysburg of grenada . native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . battle of gettysburg ispartofmilitaryconflict american civil war (id207)
american civil war 12 was commanded by jefferson davis . alfred moore scales is located in united states . native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . one of the noted alfred moore scales air force battles was the siege of petersburg of grenada . siege of petersburg ispartofmilitaryconflict american civil war (id208)
juan peron spouse eva peron juan peron party labour party ( argentina ) alberto teisaire is from the argentina states . spanish language is spoken in argentina . alberto teisaire inofficewhilepresident juan peron (id209)
