abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
18l / 36r is the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport .
the icao location identifier of afonso pena international airport is sbct .
afonso pena international airport serves the city of curitiba .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
the runway length of al - taqaddum air base is 3684 . 0 .
14 / 32 is the runway name of alderney airport .
the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 3360 . 12 .
angola amsterdam airport schiphol airport 1st runway is number 18 .
amsterdam airport schiphol 5th runway surfacetype asphalt
06 / 24 ' kaagbaan ' is the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol .
andrews county airport is elevated 973 . 0 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is owned by andrews county , texas .
the runway length of andrews county airport is 896 . 0 .
the 1st runway at angola international airport airport is made from asphalt .
antwerp international airport is elevated 12 . 0 metres above sea level .
antwerp international airport is operated by flemish government .
the runway length of appleton international airport is 2439 . 0 .
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 518 . 0 .
the icao location identifier of ashgabat international airport is utaa .
11 / 29 is the runway name of ashgabat international airport .
atlantic city international airport is owned by south jersey transportation authority .
13 / 31 is the runway name of atlantic city international airport .
dutch language is spoken in belgium .
curitiba is part of south region , brazil .
danes denmark
fallujah is located in iraq .
greenville , wisconsin is located in united states .
greenville , wisconsin is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
arabic is spoken in iraq .
madrid is located in spain .
maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is part of united states .
sardar ayaz sadiq is the leader of pakistan .
port authority of new york and new jersey the new jersey region .
houston is the largest city in texas .
one of the noted united states air force air force battles was the 1986 united states bombing of libya of grenada .
boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft in the united states air force air force .
the runway length of aarhus airport is 2777 . 0 . aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is elevated 610 . 0 metres above sea level . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
the runway length of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is 3500 . 0 . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh . uttar pradesh is part of awadh .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq . the runway length of al asad airbase is 3090 . 0 .
al asad airbase is located in iraq . arabic is spoken in iraq .
al asad airbase is operated by united states air force . one of the noted united states air force air force battles was the invasion of grenada of grenada .
the 1st runway at alderney airport airport is made from poaceae . poaceae class is monocotyledon .
the runway length of alderney airport is 877 . 0 . the 1st runway at alderney airport airport is made from asphalt .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan . anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan . the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 2900 . 0 .
the length of the first runway amsterdam airport schiphol is 3800 metres . amsterdam airport schiphol is elevated - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level .
the 1st runway at amsterdam airport schiphol airport is made from asphalt . amsterdam airport schiphol is elevated - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam . the runway length of amsterdam airport schiphol is 2014 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam . the runway length of amsterdam airport schiphol is 3300 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas . houston is the largest city in texas .
the runway length of angola international airport is 3800 . 0 . angola international airport serves the city of luanda .
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 597 . 0 . ardmore ardmore airport ( new zealand ) 3rd runway surface type is poaceae .
the length of the first runway at ashgabat international airport is 12467 feet . ashgabat international airport is elevated 211 metres above sea level .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines . turkmenistan airlines is headquartered at jinnah turkmenistan airport .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey . egg harbor township , new jersey is located in united states .
atlantic city international airport is operated by port authority of new york and new jersey . 4 / 22 is the runway name of atlantic city international airport .
the runway length of atlantic city international airport is 3048 . 0 . atlantic city international airport is operated by port authority of new york and new jersey .
infraero is located in brasilia . afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero .
the runway length of aarhus airport is 2776 . 0 . aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s . 10r / 28l is the runway name of aarhus airport .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york . the runway length of adirondack regional airport is 2003 . 0 . adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama . paracuellos de jarama is located in spain . paracuellos de jarama is part of community of madrid .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh . agra airport is operated by indian air force . the icao location identifier of agra airport is viag .
al asad airbase is operated by united states air force . al asad airbase is located in iraq . the runway length of al asad airbase is 3992 . 88 .
al asad airbase is operated by united states air force . united states air force air force aircraft fighter mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle one of the noted united states air force air force battles was the 1986 united states bombing of libya of grenada .
al asad airbase is operated by united states air force . one of the noted united states air force air force battles was the invasion of grenada of grenada . united states air force air force aircraft fighter mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle
the 1st runway at alderney airport airport is made from poaceae . the runway length of alderney airport is 877 . 0 . alderney airport serves the city of alderney .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan . allama iqbal international airport is operated by pakistan civil aviation authority . pakistan civil aviation authority is headquartered at jinnah jinnah international airport airport .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan . 18l / 36r is the runway name of allama iqbal international airport . the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 2900 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is elevated 210 metres above sea level . alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan . maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is located in united states .
andrews county airport is located in texas . the runway length of andrews county airport is 1773 . 0 . andrews county airport is elevated 973 . 0 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is located in texas . the runway length of andrews county airport is 896 . 0 . andrews county airport is elevated 973 . 0 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is located in texas . austin , texas is the capital of texas . english language is spoken in texas .
andrews county airport is located in texas . tejano texas texas is located in united states .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp . german language is spoken in belgium . antwerp is located in belgium .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey . egg harbor township , new jersey is located in united states . egg harbor township , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey .
atlantic city international airport is operated by port authority of new york and new jersey . port authority of new york and new jersey the new jersey region . port authority of new york and new jersey is headquartered at jinnah four world trade center airport .
the runway length of atlantic city international airport is 3048 . 0 . atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey . egg harbor township , new jersey is located in united states .
lahore is located in pakistan . allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore . anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan .
madrid is part of community of madrid . the leader party at madrid is the peoples ahora madrid . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid .
the leader party at madrid is the peoples ahora madrid . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid . madrid is located in spain .
the leader party at san sebastian de los reyes is the peoples people ' s party ( spain ) . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes . san sebastian de los reyes is located in spain .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas . the runway length of abilene regional airport is 2194 . 0 . abilene regional airport is elevated 546 metres above sea level . 17l / 35r is the runway name of abilene regional airport .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york . the runway length of adirondack regional airport is 2003 . 0 . adirondack regional airport is elevated 507 metres above sea level . adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york .
18l / 36r is the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport . the runway length of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is 3500 . 0 . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is operated by enaire .
agra airport is located in india . agra airport is operated by indian air force . agra agra airport iata location identifier is agr . the icao location identifier of agra airport is viag .
al asad airbase is operated by united states air force . al asad airbase is located in iraq . the runway length of al asad airbase is 3990 . 0 . 08 / 26 is the runway name of al asad airbase .
al asad airbase is operated by united states air force . the runway length of al asad airbase is 3990 . 0 . al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq . 09r / 27l is the runway name of al asad airbase .
al asad airbase is operated by united states air force . one of the noted united states air force air force battles was the invasion of grenada of grenada . lockheed ac - 130 can be found on united states air force . united states air force air force aircraft fighter mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan . the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 2900 . 0 . allama iqbal international airport is operated by pakistan civil aviation authority . allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam . 09 / 27 ' buitenveldertbaan ' is the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol . the runway length of amsterdam airport schiphol is 2014 . 0 . amsterdam airport schiphol is elevated - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam . 18l / 36r ' aalsmeerbaan ' is the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol . the runway length of amsterdam airport schiphol is 2014 . 0 . amsterdam airport schiphol is elevated - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is located in texas . the runway length of andrews county airport is 929 . 0 . andrews county airport serves the city of andrews , texas . andrews county airport is elevated 973 . 0 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is located in texas . austin , texas is the capital of texas . tejano texas texas is located in united states .
andrews county airport is located in texas . austin , texas is the capital of texas . english language is spoken in texas . texas is located in united states .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo . icolo e bengo is located in angola . angola international airport serves the city of luanda . icolo e bengo is part of luanda province .
antwerp international airport is operated by flemish government . antwerp international airport is owned by flemish region . antwerp international airport is elevated 12 . 0 metres above sea level . the runway length of antwerp international airport is 600 . 0 .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines . turkmenistan airlines is headquartered at jinnah turkmenistan airport . the hub airport for turkmenistan airlines airlines is turkmenbashi international airport airport . turkmenistan airlines is headquartered at jinnah ashgabat airport .
athens international airport serves the city of athens . athens international airport is located in spata . athens international airport is elevated 94 metres above sea level . the runway length of athens international airport is 3800 . 0 .
atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city , new jersey . atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey . egg harbor township , new jersey is located in united states . don guardian is the leader of atlantic city , new jersey .
atlantic city international airport is owned by south jersey transportation authority . stephen dilts is the leader of south jersey transportation authority . atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey . egg harbor township , new jersey is located in united states .
charles michel is the leader of belgium . antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp . german language is spoken in belgium . antwerp is located in belgium .
philippe of belgium is the leader of belgium . antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp . french language is spoken in belgium . antwerp is located in belgium .
harrietstown , new york is located in united states . saranac lake , new york is part of harrietstown , new york . saranac lake , new york is part of essex county , new york . adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york .
kurdish languages is spoken in iraq . fuad masum is the leader of iraq . al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah . fallujah is located in iraq .
haider al - abadi is the leader of iraq . kurdish languages is spoken in iraq . al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah . fallujah is located in iraq .
lahore is located in pakistan . allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan . allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore . malik muhammad rafique rajwana is the leader of punjab , pakistan .
poaceae belongs to the division of flowering plant . the 1st runway at alderney airport airport is made from poaceae . poaceae belongs to the order of commelinids . poaceae class is monocotyledon .
aarhus airport is located in tirstrup . tirstrup is located in denmark . tirstrup is part of central denmark region . margrethe ii of denmark is the leader of denmark . faroese language is spoken in denmark .
the runway length of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is 4100 . 0 . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is elevated 610 . 0 metres above sea level . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is operated by enaire . 14l / 32r is the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport .
agra airport is located in india . the runway length of agra airport is 1818 . 0 . agra airport is operated by indian air force . agra airport is elevated 167 . 94 metres above sea level . the icao location identifier of agra airport is viag .
al asad airbase is operated by united states air force . al asad airbase is located in iraq . the runway length of al asad airbase is 3990 . 0 . the icao location identifier of al asad airbase is oraa . 08 / 26 is the runway name of al asad airbase .
al asad airbase is operated by united states air force . the runway length of al asad airbase is 3992 . 88 . al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq . the icao location identifier of al asad airbase is oraa . 08 / 26 is the runway name of al asad airbase .
al asad airbase is operated by united states air force . lockheed ac - 130 can be found on united states air force . boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft in the united states air force air force . united states air force air force aircraft fighter general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon one of the noted united states air force air force battles was the 1986 united states bombing of libya of grenada .
al asad airbase is operated by united states air force . one of the noted united states air force air force battles was the invasion of grenada of grenada . lockheed ac - 130 can be found on united states air force . lockheed c - 130 hercules is a transport aircraft in the united states air force air force . one of the noted united states air force air force battles was the operation enduring freedom of grenada .
the 1st runway at alderney airport airport is made from poaceae . the runway length of alderney airport is 733 . 0 . alderney airport serves the city of alderney . alderney airport is elevated 88 . 0 metres above sea level . 08 / 26 is the runway name of alderney airport .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan . the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 3310 . 0 . allama iqbal international airport is operated by pakistan civil aviation authority . allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore . 18l / 36r is the runway name of allama iqbal international airport .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan . the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 2900 . 0 . allama iqbal international airport is operated by pakistan civil aviation authority . allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore . 18r / 36l is the runway name of allama iqbal international airport .
alpena county regional airport is elevated 210 metres above sea level . the runway length of alpena county regional airport is 1533 . 0 . alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan . maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is located in united states . alpena county regional airport serves the city of alpena , michigan .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan . the runway length of alpena county regional airport is 1533 . 0 . alpena county regional airport serves the city of alpena , michigan . alpena county regional airport is elevated 210 metres above sea level . 7 / 25 is the runway name of alpena county regional airport .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan . the runway length of alpena county regional airport is 2744 . 0 . alpena county regional airport serves the city of alpena , michigan . alpena county regional airport is elevated 210 metres above sea level . 1 / 19 is the runway name of alpena county regional airport .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan . wilson township , alpena county , michigan is located in united states . alpena county regional airport is elevated 210 metres above sea level . the runway length of alpena county regional airport is 1533 . 0 . alpena county regional airport serves the city of alpena , michigan .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo . angola international airport serves the city of luanda . angola international airport is elevated 159 metres above sea level . 05l / 23r is the runway name of angola international airport . the runway length of angola international airport is 3800 . 0 .
athens international airport serves the city of athens . athens is located in greece . alexis tsipras is the leader of greece . greek language is spoken in greece . nikos voutsis is the leader of greece .
athens international airport serves the city of athens . athens is located in greece . alexis tsipras is the leader of greece . greek language is spoken in greece . prokopis pavlopoulos is the leader of greece .
atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city , new jersey . egg harbor township , new jersey is part of new jersey . atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey . egg harbor township , new jersey is located in united states . don guardian is the leader of atlantic city , new jersey .
philippe of belgium is the leader of belgium . antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp . charles michel is the leader of belgium . antwerp is located in belgium . city of brussels is the capital of belgium .
egg harbor township , new jersey is part of new jersey . the icao location identifier of atlantic city international airport is kacy . atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey . egg harbor township , new jersey is located in united states . egg harbor township , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey .
harrietstown , new york is located in united states . saranac lake , new york is part of harrietstown , new york . lake placid , new york is part of new york . adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york . adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york .
harrietstown , new york is located in united states . saranac lake , new york is part of harrietstown , new york . saranac lake , new york is part of essex county , new york . adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york . adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york .
indian air force has an aircraft - capable helicopter known hal light combat helicopter . agra airport is located in uttar pradesh . uttar pradesh is part of awadh . agra airport is operated by indian air force . uttar pradesh is part of bundelkhand .
indian air force has an aircraft - capable helicopter known hal light combat helicopter . agra airport is located in uttar pradesh . ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh . agra airport is operated by indian air force . uttar pradesh is part of bundelkhand .
haider al - abadi is the leader of iraq . fuad masum is the leader of iraq . al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah . fallujah is located in iraq . arabic is spoken in iraq .
