1634 : the bavarian crisis by 1634 : ring of fire ii english language is spoken in ring of fire ii . 1634 : the bavarian crisis by 1634 : the grantville gazette ii affair . 1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by virginia demarce and eric flint . grantville gazette ii by 1634 : the the grantville gazette affair . (id1)
cornell university is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . cornell university is affiliated with association of public and land - grant universities . cornell university is affiliated with association of american universities . the president of cornell university is elizabeth garrett . cornell university is located in the city of ithaca , new york . (id2)
english language is spoken in great great britain . soho press is the publisher of a loyal character dancer . a loyal character dancer is located in united states . african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . english language is spoken in united states . (id3)
english language is spoken in great great britain . soho press is the publisher of a loyal character dancer . a loyal character dancer is located in united states . native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . english language is spoken in united states . (id4)
english language is spoken in great great britain . soho press is the publisher of a loyal character dancer . soho press is located in united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . english language is spoken in united states . (id5)
english language is spoken in great great britain . english language is spoken in united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . a severed wasp is located in united states . native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . (id6)
into battle ( novel ) is located in australians . into battle ( novel ) by 1634 : the violet keystone above the veil by 1634 : into battle ( novel ) above the veil by 1634 : the aenir affair . aenir by 1634 : the castle ( novel ) affair . (id7)
barack obama is the leader of united states . english language is spoken in a severed wasp . english language is spoken in great great britain . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . a severed wasp is located in united states . (id8)
barack obama is the leader of united states . english language is spoken in great great britain . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . english language is spoken in united states . a severed wasp is located in united states . (id9)
barack obama is the leader of united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . 1634 : the ram rebellion is located in united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . 1634 : the ram rebellion by 1634 : the 1634 : the galileo affair affair . (id10)
barack obama is the leader of united states . americans united states washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . 1634 : the ram rebellion is located in united states . african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . (id11)
the united states , is led by the provincial president of the united states . english language is spoken in great great britain . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . english language is spoken in united states . a wizard of mars is located in united states . (id12)
albany , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) . the united states , is led by the provincial president of the united states . americans united states asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . albany , georgia is located in united states . (id13)
alpharetta , georgia is located in united states . native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . atlanta is the largest city in fulton county , georgia . alpharetta , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) . alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia . (id14)
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas . potter county , texas is located in the state of texas . texas is located in united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . english language is spoken in united states . (id15)
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas . english language is spoken in texas . potter county , texas is located in the state of texas . amarillo , texas is located in united states . austin , texas is the capital of texas . (id16)
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas . english language is spoken in texas . potter county , texas is located in the state of texas . potter county , texas is located in united states . austin , texas is the capital of texas . (id17)
anderson , indiana is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana . fall creek township , madison county , indiana is located in united states . anderson , indiana is part of anderson township , madison county , indiana . anderson , indiana , texas has a population density of 523 . 9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . anderson , indiana , texas has a total area of 107 . 43 ( square kilometres ) . (id18)
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california . antioch , california is part of california . english language is spoken in california . contra costa county , california is part of san francisco bay area . the antioch , california , is led by the provincial california ' s 11th state assembly district . (id19)
the land area , of atlanta ( new mexico ) , is 344 . 9 ( square kilometres ) . atlanta , texas has a population density of 1299 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . the area code of atlanta , indiana is 404 . atlanta is part of dekalb county , georgia . atlanta , texas has a total area of 347 . 1 ( square kilometres ) . (id20)
attica , indiana is part of united states . attica , indiana , texas has a total area of 4 . 14 ( square kilometres ) . attica , indiana , indiana is located at 166 . 0 above sea level . attica , indiana is part of logan township , fountain county , indiana . attica , indiana , texas has a population density of 783 . 1 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . (id21)
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama . alabama is located in united states . lee county , alabama is located in the state of alabama . african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . (id22)
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington . auburn , washington is located in united states . auburn , washington is part of king county , washington . auburn , washington , texas has a population density of 914 . 8 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . auburn , washington , texas has a total area of 77 . 41 ( square kilometres ) . (id23)
austin , texas is part of texas . english language is spoken in texas . austin , texas is part of williamson county , texas . round rock , texas is the largest city in williamson county , texas . georgetown , texas is the county seat williamson county , texas , in indiana . (id24)
austin , texas is part of texas . houston is the largest city in texas . san marcos , texas is the county seat hays county , texas , in indiana . austin , texas is part of hays county , texas . english language is spoken in texas . (id25)
austin , texas is part of texas . houston is the largest city in texas . spanish language is spoken in texas . san marcos , texas is the county seat hays county , texas , in indiana . austin , texas is part of hays county , texas . (id26)
indianapolis is the capital of indiana . alexandria , indiana is part of indiana . indiana is located in united states . english americans is spoken in indiana . alexandria , indiana is part of madison county , indiana . (id27)
fort worth , texas is the county seat tarrant county , texas , in indiana . spanish language is spoken in texas . arlington , texas is part of tarrant county , texas . arlington , texas is part of texas . houston is the largest city in texas . (id28)
fort worth , texas is the largest city in tarrant county , texas . austin , texas is the capital of texas . arlington , texas is part of tarrant county , texas . arlington , texas is part of texas . texas is located in united states . (id29)
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . white americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . new jersey is located in united states . new york city is the largest city in united states . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey . (id30)
americans united states washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . albany , oregon is located in united states . native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . albany , oregon is part of linn county , oregon . (id31)
americans united states asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . albany , oregon is part of oregon . albany , oregon is located in united states . (id32)
african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . english language is spoken in united states . angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana . americans united states angola , indiana is located in united states . (id33)
native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama . lee county , alabama is located in united states . lee county , alabama is located in the state of alabama . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . (id34)
native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama . opelika , alabama is the county seat lee county , alabama , in indiana . lee county , alabama is located in united states . auburn , alabama is part of alabama . (id35)
native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . newark , new jersey is the largest city in new jersey . trenton , new jersey is the capital of new jersey . new jersey is located in united states . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey . (id36)
english language is spoken in united states . albuquerque , new mexico is part of new mexico . the united states , is led by the provincial president of the united states . the leader of united states is barack obama . albuquerque , new mexico is located in united states . (id37)
english language is spoken in united states . angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana . americans united states angola , indiana is located in united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . (id38)
the leader of united states is barack obama . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . akron , ohio is located in united states . akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio . (id39)
the united states , is led by the provincial president of the united states . americans united states albany , georgia is located in united states . albany , georgia is part of united states . african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . (id40)
11th mississippi infantry monument is located in united states . 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in seminary ridge . 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 . 11th mississippi infantry monument falls under the category of contributing property . 11th mississippi infantry monument is in the municipality of gettysburg , gettysburg , pennsylvania . (id41)
adams county , pennsylvania has to its southeast carroll county , maryland adams county , adams county , pennsylvania has cumberland county , cumberland county , pennsylvania to its north . frederick county , maryland , maryland is to the southwest of adams county , adams county , pennsylvania . 11th mississippi infantry monument falls under the category of contributing property . 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania . (id42)
baku is the capital of azerbaijan . the azerbaijan , is led by the provincial prime minister of azerbaijan . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan . artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan . (id43)
baku is the capital of azerbaijan . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan . artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan . national assembly ( azerbaijan ) dictates the legislature of azerbaijan . (id44)
the turkey , is led by the provincial president of turkey . the leader of turkey is ahmet davutoglu . ankara is the capital of turkey . istanbul is the largest city in turkey . ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey . (id45)
awh engineering college was established in 2001 . the academic staff at the awh awh engineering college college number 250 . awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala . kerala has to its northwest mahe , india awh engineering college is located in the city of kuttikkattoor . (id46)
acharya institute of technology is located in the city of bangalore . dr . g . p . prabhukumar is the director of acharya institute of technology . the number of post graduate students at acharya institute of technology is about 700 . acharya institute of technology campus in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . (id47)
the president of acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy . acharya institute of technology is located in the city of bangalore . acharya institute of technology is located in india . the number of post graduate students at acharya institute of technology is about 700 . acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . (id48)
the headquarters of the european university association association is in brussels . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark . the denmark , is led by the provincial monarchy of denmark . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with european university association . (id49)
mumbai is the largest city in india . awh engineering college is located in india . awh engineering college was established in 2001 . the academic staff at the awh awh engineering college college number 250 . awh engineering college is located in the city of kuttikkattoor . (id50)
mumbai is the largest city in india . awh engineering college is located in india . kochi is the leader of kerala . awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala . the ganges is a river in india . (id51)
the academic staff at the awh school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university college number 737 . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 . (id52)
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . the headquarters of the european university association association is in brussels . aarhus has to its northeast mols . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with european university association . aarhus is governed by the limerick magistrate council . (id53)
duncan rouleau is from the americans states . baymax was created by duncan rouleau . alan tudyk starred in big hero 6 ( film ) . baymax was created by steven t . seagle . baymax series big hero 6 ( film ) (id54)
michele marcolini manages a . c . lumezzane . a . c . lumezzane ground is in italy . the leader of italy is pietro grasso . michele marcolini plays for f . c . bari 1908 . michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio . (id55)
stuart parker ( footballer ) manages a . f . c . blackpool . stuart parker ( footballer ) plays for chesterfield f . c . . stuart parker ( footballer ) plays for stockport county f . c . . a . f . c . blackpool ground is in blackpool . the leader of blackpool is labour party ( uk ) . (id56)
a . s . gubbio 1910 play in serie d . the leader of italy is sergio mattarella . a . s . gubbio 1910 ground is in italy . italian language is spoken in italy . the name of the championship football team in the serie d os the s . s . robur siena fk . (id57)
gus poyet manages aek athens f . c . . gus poyet plays for real zaragoza . olympic stadium ( athens ) is located in marousi . aek athens f . c . ground is in olympic stadium ( athens ) . gus poyet plays for chelsea f . c . . (id58)
the leader of italy is pietro grasso . italians italy rome is the capital of italy . a . s . gubbio 1910 ground is in italy . italian language is spoken in italy . (id59)
the official language of italy is italian language . italians italy rome is the capital of italy . the leader of italy is sergio mattarella . a . s . gubbio 1910 ground is in italy . (id60)
arem - arem is located in indonesia . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia . arem - arem is from the nationwide in indonesia , but more specific to java region . the indonesian rupiah is the currency in indonesia . indonesian language is spoken in indonesia . (id61)
asam pedas is located in malaysia . malaysian chinese are an ethnic group in the united malaysia . malaysian malay are an ethnic group in the united malaysia . kuala lumpur is the capital of malaysia . asam pedas is from the sumatra and malay peninsula region . (id62)
asam pedas is located in malaysia . malaysian malay are an ethnic group in the united malaysia . kuala lumpur is the capital of malaysia . malaysian indian are an ethnic group in the united malaysia . asam pedas is from the sumatra and malay peninsula region . (id63)
asam pedas is located in malaysia . malaysian malay are an ethnic group in the united malaysia . kuala lumpur is the capital of malaysia . malaysian indian are an ethnic group in the united malaysia . asam pedas is from the sumatra region . (id64)
asam pedas is located in malaysia . malaysian malay are an ethnic group in the united malaysia . abu zahar ujang is the leader of malaysia . malaysian indian are an ethnic group in the united malaysia . asam pedas is from the malay peninsula region . (id65)
bacon explosion is located in united states . the main ingredients of bacon explosion are bacon , sausage . bacon is an ingredient in bacon explosion . bacon explosion is from the kansas city metropolitan area region . the main ingredients of bacon explosion are sausage . (id66)
bacon explosion is located in united states . white americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . paul ryan is the leader of united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . english language is spoken in united states . (id67)
bacon sandwich is a variation of blt . the main ingredients of bacon sandwich are bread and bacon , with a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce . bacon sandwich is located in united kingdom . ketchup is an ingredient in bacon sandwich . bacon sandwich is also known as bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin . (id68)
baked alaska is located in france . manuel valls is the leader of france . gerard larcher is the leader of france . french language is spoken in france . baked alaska is from the hong kong region . (id69)
lemon is an ingredient in bandeja paisa . antioquia department is located in colombia . lemon belongs to the order of rosids . lemon is part of the rutaceae family . bandeja paisa is from the antioquia department region . (id70)
barny cakes is located in france . gerard larcher is the leader of france . french language is spoken in france . francois hollande is the leader of france . sponge cake is an ingredient in barny cakes . (id71)
batagor is located in indonesia . joko widodo is the leader of indonesia . batagor is a variation of siomay . peanut sauce is an ingredient in siomay . batagor is a variation of shumai . (id72)
batagor is located in indonesia . joko widodo is the leader of indonesia . shiitake is an ingredient in shumai . batagor is a variation of siomay . siomay is a variation of shumai . (id73)
batagor is located in indonesia . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia . shiitake is an ingredient in shumai . batagor is a variation of shumai . batagor is a variation of siomay . (id74)
bhajji is located in india . bhajji is from the karnataka region . the main ingredients of bhajji are gram flour , vegetables . bhajji is also known as bhaji , bajji . gram flour is an ingredient in bhajji . (id75)
bhajji is located in india . indian people india t . s . thakur is the leader of india . bhajji is from the karnataka region . vajubhai vala is the leader of karnataka . (id76)
bhajji is located in india . indian people india t . s . thakur is the leader of india . sumitra mahajan is the leader of india . bhajji is from the karnataka region . (id77)
bionico is located in mexico . bionico is a dessert . the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut , raisins . bionico is from the guadalajara region . sour cream is an ingredient in bionico . (id78)
bionico is located in mexico . spanish language is spoken in mexico . enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico . bionico is a variation of honey . bionico is a dessert . (id79)
bionico is located in mexico . silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico . bionico is from the jalisco region . bionico is a variation of honey . bionico is a dessert . (id80)
carles puigdemont is the leader of catalonia . arros negre is located in spain . spaniards are an ethnic group in the united spain . felipe vi of spain is the leader of spain . arros negre is from the catalonia region . (id81)
rome is the capital of italy . matteo renzi is the leader of italy . amatriciana sauce is located in italy . laura boldrini is the leader of italy . italian language is spoken in italy . (id82)
italians italy rome is the capital of italy . amatriciana sauce is located in italy . sergio mattarella is the leader of italy . laura boldrini is the leader of italy . (id83)
pietro grasso is the leader of italy . rome is the capital of italy . matteo renzi is the leader of italy . amatriciana sauce is located in italy . italian language is spoken in italy . (id84)
javanese people are an ethnic group in the united java . fried chicken is an ingredient in ayam penyet . the main ingredients of fried chicken are chicken . ayam penyet is from the nationwide , also can be found in malaysia and singapore region . ayam penyet is located in java . (id85)
javanese people are an ethnic group in the united java . english language is spoken in singapore . ayam penyet is from the singapore region . tony tan is the leader of singapore . ayam penyet is located in java . (id86)
arabic is spoken in philippines . zamboangans are an ethnic group in the united philippines . philippine spanish is spoken in philippines . batchoy is located in philippines . chinese filipino are an ethnic group in the united philippines . (id87)
spanish language is spoken in spain . ajoblanco is from the andalusia region . susana diaz is the leader of andalusia . ajoblanco is located in spain . spaniards are an ethnic group in the united spain . (id88)
felipe vi of spain is the leader of spain . ajoblanco is from the andalusia region . susana diaz is the leader of andalusia . ajoblanco is located in spain . spaniards spain (id89)
alan bean is from the united states states . alan bean was a test test pilot . alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . alan bean was chosen by nasa in 1963 . alan bean is retired . (id90)
alan shepard was a part of the crew of apollo 14 12 . distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) from the navy is higher than the department of department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard was born in new hampshire . apollo 14 is operated by nasa . the number of buzz alan shepard ' s awards are distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) . (id91)
apollo 8 12 was commanded by frank borman . william anders was a part of the crew of apollo 8 12 . william anders is from the united states states . william anders was born in british hong kong . apollo 8 is operated by nasa . (id92)
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz aldrin is from the united states states . buzz aldrin was a part of the crew of apollo 11 12 . buzz aldrin was a test fighter pilot . buzz aldrin was born on 1930 - 01 - 20 . (id93)
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz aldrin was a part of the crew of apollo 11 12 . buzz aldrin is from the united states states . buzz aldrin was a test fighter pilot . apollo 11 is operated by nasa . (id94)
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz aldrin was a part of the crew of apollo 11 12 . buzz aldrin was a test fighter pilot . massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 is buzz aldrin almamater . buzz aldrin is retired . (id95)
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz aldrin was a part of the crew of apollo 11 12 . buzz aldrin is retired . william anders was a backup pilot of apollo 11 12 . apollo 11 is operated by nasa . (id96)
buzz aldrin was a part of the crew of apollo 11 12 . buzz aldrin is retired . buzz aldrin was born on 1930 - 01 - 20 . william anders was a backup pilot of apollo 11 12 . apollo 11 is operated by nasa . (id97)
california gemstone benitoite alan shepard was a part of the crew of apollo 14 12 . alan shepard died in california . the senator representing california was dianne feinstein . apollo 14 is operated by nasa . (id98)
distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) from the navy is higher than the department of department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard is from the united states states . alan shepard died in california . alan shepard was born in new hampshire . the number of buzz alan shepard ' s awards are distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) . (id99)
william anders retired on 1969 - 09 - 01 . william anders is from the united states states . william anders was a test fighter pilot . william anders was born in british hong kong . william anders was a part of the crew of apollo 8 12 . (id100)
aarhus airport is located in tirstrup . tirstrup is located in denmark . tirstrup is part of central denmark region . margrethe ii of denmark is the leader of denmark . faroese language is spoken in denmark . (id101)
the runway length of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is 4100 . 0 . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is elevated 610 . 0 metres above sea level . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is operated by enaire . 14l / 32r is the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport . (id102)
agra airport is located in india . the runway length of agra airport is 1818 . 0 . agra airport is operated by indian air force . agra airport is elevated 167 . 94 metres above sea level . the icao location identifier of agra airport is viag . (id103)
al asad airbase is operated by united states air force . al asad airbase is located in iraq . the runway length of al asad airbase is 3990 . 0 . the icao location identifier of al asad airbase is oraa . 08 / 26 is the runway name of al asad airbase . (id104)
al asad airbase is operated by united states air force . the runway length of al asad airbase is 3992 . 88 . al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq . the icao location identifier of al asad airbase is oraa . 08 / 26 is the runway name of al asad airbase . (id105)
al asad airbase is operated by united states air force . lockheed ac - 130 can be found on united states air force . boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft in the united states air force air force . united states air force air force aircraft fighter general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon one of the noted united states air force air force battles was the 1986 united states bombing of libya of grenada . (id106)
al asad airbase is operated by united states air force . one of the noted united states air force air force battles was the invasion of grenada of grenada . lockheed ac - 130 can be found on united states air force . lockheed c - 130 hercules is a transport aircraft in the united states air force air force . one of the noted united states air force air force battles was the operation enduring freedom of grenada . (id107)
the 1st runway at alderney airport airport is made from poaceae . the runway length of alderney airport is 733 . 0 . alderney airport serves the city of alderney . alderney airport is elevated 88 . 0 metres above sea level . 08 / 26 is the runway name of alderney airport . (id108)
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan . the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 3310 . 0 . allama iqbal international airport is operated by pakistan civil aviation authority . allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore . 18l / 36r is the runway name of allama iqbal international airport . (id109)
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan . the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 2900 . 0 . allama iqbal international airport is operated by pakistan civil aviation authority . allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore . 18r / 36l is the runway name of allama iqbal international airport . (id110)
alpena county regional airport is elevated 210 metres above sea level . the runway length of alpena county regional airport is 1533 . 0 . alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan . maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is located in united states . alpena county regional airport serves the city of alpena , michigan . (id111)
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan . the runway length of alpena county regional airport is 1533 . 0 . alpena county regional airport serves the city of alpena , michigan . alpena county regional airport is elevated 210 metres above sea level . 7 / 25 is the runway name of alpena county regional airport . (id112)
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan . the runway length of alpena county regional airport is 2744 . 0 . alpena county regional airport serves the city of alpena , michigan . alpena county regional airport is elevated 210 metres above sea level . 1 / 19 is the runway name of alpena county regional airport . (id113)
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan . wilson township , alpena county , michigan is located in united states . alpena county regional airport is elevated 210 metres above sea level . the runway length of alpena county regional airport is 1533 . 0 . alpena county regional airport serves the city of alpena , michigan . (id114)
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo . angola international airport serves the city of luanda . angola international airport is elevated 159 metres above sea level . 05l / 23r is the runway name of angola international airport . the runway length of angola international airport is 3800 . 0 . (id115)
athens international airport serves the city of athens . athens is located in greece . alexis tsipras is the leader of greece . greek language is spoken in greece . nikos voutsis is the leader of greece . (id116)
athens international airport serves the city of athens . athens is located in greece . alexis tsipras is the leader of greece . greek language is spoken in greece . prokopis pavlopoulos is the leader of greece . (id117)
atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city , new jersey . egg harbor township , new jersey is part of new jersey . atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey . egg harbor township , new jersey is located in united states . don guardian is the leader of atlantic city , new jersey . (id118)
philippe of belgium is the leader of belgium . antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp . charles michel is the leader of belgium . antwerp is located in belgium . city of brussels is the capital of belgium . (id119)
egg harbor township , new jersey is part of new jersey . the icao location identifier of atlantic city international airport is kacy . atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey . egg harbor township , new jersey is located in united states . egg harbor township , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey . (id120)
harrietstown , new york is located in united states . saranac lake , new york is part of harrietstown , new york . lake placid , new york is part of new york . adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york . adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york . (id121)
harrietstown , new york is located in united states . saranac lake , new york is part of harrietstown , new york . saranac lake , new york is part of essex county , new york . adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york . adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york . (id122)
indian air force has an aircraft - capable helicopter known hal light combat helicopter . agra airport is located in uttar pradesh . uttar pradesh is part of awadh . agra airport is operated by indian air force . uttar pradesh is part of bundelkhand . (id123)
indian air force has an aircraft - capable helicopter known hal light combat helicopter . agra airport is located in uttar pradesh . ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh . agra airport is operated by indian air force . uttar pradesh is part of bundelkhand . (id124)
haider al - abadi is the leader of iraq . fuad masum is the leader of iraq . al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah . fallujah is located in iraq . arabic is spoken in iraq . (id125)
200 public square is located in cleveland . 200 public square was completed in 1985 . cleveland is part of cuyahoga county , ohio . cleveland is part of ohio . cleveland is located in united states . (id126)
250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo , new york . the architecture style of 250 delaware avenue falls under brutalist postmodern architecture . january , 2014 was the start date for the building at 250 delaware avenue . 250 delaware avenue has a floor area of 30843 . 8 ( square metres ) . there are 12 floors at 250 delaware avenue . (id127)
300 north lasalle is located in chicago . rahm emanuel is the leader of chicago . chicago is located in united states . springfield , illinois is the capital of illinois . chicago is part of illinois . (id128)
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in denmark . faroese language is spoken in denmark . margrethe ii of denmark is the leader of denmark . marriott marriott international was founded in washington , d . c . marriott marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen . (id129)
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in denmark . marriott marriott international was founded in washington , d . c . marriott marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen . rona bill marriott is the key person for marriott international . greenlandic language is spoken in denmark . (id130)
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in denmark . marriott marriott international was founded in washington , d . c . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark . marriott marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen . greenlandic language is spoken in denmark . (id131)
adare manor is located in republic of ireland . the architect of adare manor is augustus pugin . one of the significant buildings designed by augustus pugin is the palace of westminster . augustus pugin was born in bloomsbury . enda kenny is the leader of republic of ireland . (id132)
addis ababa city hall was completed in 1964 . the government of addis ababa is the current tenant of addis ababa city hall . 1961 was the start date for the building at addis ababa city hall . addis ababa city hall has a floor area of 140000 . 0 ( square metres ) . the height of addis ababa city hall is 42 m . (id133)
akita museum of art is located in japan . there are 3 floors at akita museum of art . akita museum of art is located in akita , akita . akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture . akita museum of art is located on 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori . (id134)
akita museum of art is located in japan . akita museum of art is located in akita , akita . akita , akita is part of akita prefecture . taro aso is the leader of japan . chinese people in japan are an ethnic group in the united japan . (id135)
alan b . miller hall is located in virginia . the architect of alan b . miller hall is robert a . m . stern . alan b . miller hall is owned by college of william & mary . mason school of business is located in united states . the mason school of business is the current tenant of alan b . miller hall . (id136)
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad . ahmedabad is located in india . amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat . sumitra mahajan is the leader of india . the gujarat , is led by the provincial gujarat legislative assembly . (id137)
ampara hospital is located in sri lanka . ranil wickremesinghe is the leader of sri lanka . ampara hospital is located in the state of eastern province , sri lanka . ampara hospital is from the ampara district region . austin fernando is the leader of eastern province , sri lanka . (id138)
ampara hospital is located in sri lanka . ranil wickremesinghe is the leader of sri lanka . ampara hospital is located in the state of eastern province , sri lanka . eastern province , sri lanka ' s governing body is eastern provincial council . sri jayawardenepura kotte is the capital of sri lanka . (id139)
the architect of asilomar conference grounds is julia morgan . julia morgan was born in san francisco . one of the significant buildings designed by julia morgan is the los angeles herald - examiner . hearst castle castle was a significant project of julia morgan . one of the significant buildings designed by julia morgan is the asilomar state beach . (id140)
the architect of asilomar conference grounds is julia morgan . julia morgan was born in san francisco . one of the significant buildings designed by julia morgan is the riverside art museum . hearst castle castle was a significant project of julia morgan . one of the significant buildings designed by julia morgan is the asilomar state beach . (id141)
asser levy public baths is located in new york city . new york city is located in united states . cyrus vance , jr . is the leader of manhattan . new york city is part of manhattan . new york city is part of new netherland . (id142)
antioch , birmingham has postal codes b postcode area . the architect of 103 colmore row is john madin . john madin was born in birmingham . john clancy ( labour politician ) is the leader of birmingham . birmingham ' s governing body is birmingham city council . (id143)
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . the united states , is led by the provincial president of the united states . john roberts is the leader of united states . 250 delaware avenue is located in united states . barack obama is the leader of united states . (id144)
aida cruises is located in germany . costa crociere is the parent company of the carnival corporation & plc press . aidastella is operated by aida cruises . aidastella builder meyer werft aidastella is owned by costa crociere . (id145)
aidastella is operated by aida cruises . aidastella shipbeam 32 . 2 aidastella topspeed 38 . 892 aidastella builder meyer werft aidastella length 253260 . 0 ( millimetres ) (id146)
alco rs - 3 builder american locomotive company alco rs - 3 length 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) alco rs - 3 cylindercount 12 alco rs - 3 builddate may 1950 - august 1956 alco rs - 3 engine four - stroke engine (id147)
alco rs - 3 builder american locomotive company alco rs - 3 length 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) alco rs - 3 cylindercount 12 alco rs - 3 engine v12 engine alco rs - 3 builddate may 1950 - august 1956 (id148)
alv x - 1 countryorigin united states native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . americans united states washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . the anthem of united states is called the star - spangled banner romane . (id149)
amc matador is also known as american motors matador . amc matador assembly thames , new zealand amc matador bodystyle station wagon amc matador class is mid - size car . amc matador engine amc v8 engine (id150)
alhambra is owned by p & o ( company ) . p & o ( company ) is located in london . alhambra shipbeam 8 . 3 m alhambra powertype humphrys , tennant and dykes alhambra builder samuda brothers (id151)
american motors successor eagle ( automobile ) american motors subsidiary wheel horse amc matador manufacturer american motors american motors fate chrysler rona roy d . chapin , jr . is the key person for american motors . (id152)
american submarine nr - 1 shiplaunch 1969 - 01 - 25 american submarine nr - 1 topspeed 8 . 334 american submarine nr - 1 shipdraft 4 . 6 m american submarine nr - 1 length 45000 . 0 ( millimetres ) american submarine nr - 1 shipbeam 3 . 8 m (id153)
antares ( rocket ) launchsite mid - atlantic regional spaceport antares ( rocket ) comparable delta ii delta ii countryorigin united states antares ( rocket ) launchsite mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 associatedrocket minotaur iv (id154)
antares ( rocket ) manufacturer yuzhnoye design office antares ( rocket ) finalflight 2014 - 07 - 13 antares ( rocket ) maidenflight 2014 - 10 - 28 antares ( rocket ) launchsite mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 antares ( rocket ) diameter 3 . 9 ( metres ) (id155)
antares ( rocket ) manufacturer yuzhnoye design office antares ( rocket ) maidenflight 2014 - 10 - 28 antares ( rocket ) launchsite mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 antares ( rocket ) diameter 3 . 9 ( metres ) antares ( rocket ) finalflight 2013 - 09 - 18 (id156)
ariane 5 finalflight 2009 - 12 - 18 ariane 5 maidenflight 2005 - 08 - 11 ariane 5 manufacturer airbus defence and space ariane 5 launchsite guiana space centre ariane 5 diameter 5 . 4 ( metres ) (id157)
arianespace is located in courcouronnes . guiana space centre is headquartered at jinnah french guiana airport . ela - 3 site guiana space centre ariane 5 launchsite ela - 3 ela - 3 is operated by arianespace . (id158)
aston martin v8 relatedmeanoftransportation aston martin dbs aston martin dbs successor aston martin vantage aston martin v8 assembly newport pagnell aston martin v8 engine 5 . 3 ( litres ) aston martin v8 manufacturer aston martin (id159)
aston martin v8 relatedmeanoftransportation aston martin dbs aston martin v8 bodystyle coupe aston martin v8 engine 5 . 3 ( litres ) aston martin v8 relatedmeanoftransportation aston martin rham / 1 aston martin v8 assembly newport pagnell (id160)
aston martin v8 relatedmeanoftransportation aston martin dbs elizabeth ii is the leader of united kingdom . aston martin v8 assembly united kingdom aston martin v8 successor aston martin virage aston martin virage manufacturer aston martin (id161)
audi a1 engine 1 . 2 ( litres ) audi a1 layout front - engine , front - wheel - drive layout audi a1 assembly brussels , belgium audi a1 class is supermini . audi a1 bodystyle hatchback (id162)
audi a1 manufacturer audi audi was august horch baron reith . audi subsidiary ducati audi belongs to the division of audi e - tron . audi subsidiary lamborghini (id163)
marriott caterpillar inc . was founded in california marriott caterpillar inc . was founded in united states caterpillar inc . is located in peoria , illinois . aidaluna is owned by aida cruises . aidaluna powertype caterpillar inc . (id164)
rona douglas r . oberhelman is the key person for caterpillar inc . . marriott caterpillar inc . was founded in united states aida cruises is located in rostock . aidaluna is owned by aida cruises . aidaluna powertype caterpillar inc . (id165)
rona douglas r . oberhelman is the key person for caterpillar inc . . marriott caterpillar inc . was founded in united states caterpillar inc . is located in peoria , illinois . aidaluna is owned by aida cruises . aidaluna powertype caterpillar inc . (id166)
costa crociere is located in genoa . costa crociere is the parent company of the carnival corporation & plc press . aidastella is operated by aida cruises . aidastella builder meyer werft aidastella is owned by costa crociere . (id167)
finns finland sami languages is spoken in finland . juha sipila is the leader of finland . aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) builder finland aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) builder arctech helsinki shipyard (id168)
berlin is the capital of germany . neptun werft is located in rostock . joachim gauck is the leader of germany . rostock is located in germany . a - rosa luna builder neptun werft (id169)
andreas vosskuhle is the leader of germany . berlin is the capital of germany . neptun werft is located in rostock . rostock is located in germany . a - rosa luna builder neptun werft (id170)
americans united states washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . english language is spoken in united states . atlas ii countryorigin united states native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . (id171)
michele abel hernandez played youth football for penarol . central espanol play in uruguayan segunda division . abel hernandez plays for central espanol . jorge orosman da silva manages penarol . abel hernandez plays for u . s . citta di palermo . (id172)
aleksandr chumakov died in russia . valentina matviyenko is the leader of russia . aleksandr chumakov plays for fc torpedo moscow . aleksandr chumakov plays for soviet union national football team . valery petrakov manages fc torpedo moscow . (id173)
aleksandre guruli plays for fc karpaty lviv . oleh luzhny manages fc karpaty lviv . jean - michel aulas is the chairman of olympique lyonnais . aleksandre guruli plays for olympique lyonnais . olympique lyonnais ground is in parc olympique lyonnais . (id174)
alessio romagnoli plays for a . c . milan . a . c . milan play in serie a . sinisa mihajlovic manages a . c . milan . alessio romagnoli position defender ( football ) alessio romagnoli plays for u . c . sampdoria . (id175)
alessio romagnoli currentclub a . c . milan sinisa mihajlovic manages a . c . milan . silvio berlusconi is the chairman of a . c . milan . alessio romagnoli plays for italy national under - 17 football team . alessio romagnoli plays for u . c . sampdoria . (id176)
central espanol play in uruguayan segunda division . michele abel hernandez played youth football for central espanol . giuseppe iachini manages u . s . citta di palermo . abel hernandez plays for uruguay national football team . abel hernandez plays for u . s . citta di palermo . (id177)
sergey rodionov is the chairman of fc spartak moscow . fc spartak moscow ground is in otkrytiye arena . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc amkar perm . gadzhi gadzhiyev manages fc amkar perm . (id178)
sergey rodionov is the chairman of fc spartak moscow . fc terek grozny ground is in grozny . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc terek grozny . rashid rakhimov manages fc terek grozny . (id179)
fc terek grozny ground is in grozny . michele aleksandr prudnikov played youth football for fc spartak moscow . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc terek grozny . rashid rakhimov manages fc terek grozny . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc dynamo moscow . (id180)
fc torpedo moscow played in the 2014 - 15 russian premier league season . aleksandr chumakov was born in soviet union . aleksandr chumakov plays for fc torpedo moscow . aleksandr chumakov plays for soviet union national football team . valery petrakov manages fc torpedo moscow . (id181)
thomas doll manages ferencvarosi tc . united petrotrin f . c . ground is in palo seco . akeem adams plays for ferencvarosi tc . gabor kubatov is the chairman of ferencvarosi tc . akeem adams plays for united petrotrin f . c . . (id182)
thomas doll manages ferencvarosi tc . united petrotrin f . c . ground is in palo seco velodrome . akeem adams plays for ferencvarosi tc . gabor kubatov is the chairman of ferencvarosi tc . akeem adams plays for united petrotrin f . c . . (id183)
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 mass 5 . 6 ( kilograms ) ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 orbitalperiod 8788850000 . 0 ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 periapsis 6155910000000 . 0 ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 apoapsis 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres ) (id184)
101 helena discoverer james craig watson university of michigan is james craig watson almamater . 101 helena discovered 1868 - 08 - 15 james craig watson is from the canada states . james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin . (id185)
101 helena discoverer james craig watson university of michigan is james craig watson almamater . james craig watson stateoforigin canada james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin . james craig watson deathcause peritonitis (id186)
1036 ganymed discoverer walter baade walter baade died in gottingen . walter baade was born in german empire . university of gottingen is walter baade almamater . walter baade doctoralstudent allan sandage (id187)
1036 ganymed discoverer walter baade walter baade doctoralstudent halton arp walter baade doctoralstudent allan sandage walter baade was born in german empire . university of gottingen is walter baade almamater . (id188)
1036 ganymed discoverer walter baade walter baade is from the germany states . walter baade was born in german empire . university of gottingen is walter baade almamater . walter baade doctoralstudent allan sandage (id189)
103 hera discoverer james craig watson university of michigan is james craig watson almamater . 103 hera discovered 1868 - 09 - 07 james craig watson is from the canada states . james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin . (id190)
103 hera discoverer james craig watson university of michigan is james craig watson almamater . 103 hera periapsis 371240000 . 0 ( kilometres ) james craig watson is from the canada states . james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin . (id191)
107 camilla discoverer b . zellner 107 camilla orbitalperiod 2368 . 05 ( days ) 107 camilla periapsis 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) 107 camilla epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 107 camilla apoapsis 560937000 . 0 ( kilometres ) (id192)
107 camilla discoverer c . woods 107 camilla orbitalperiod 2368 . 05 ( days ) 107 camilla periapsis 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) 107 camilla epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 107 camilla apoapsis 560937000 . 0 ( kilometres ) (id193)
107 camilla discoverer f . vilas 107 camilla epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 107 camilla orbitalperiod 2368 . 05 ( days ) 107 camilla periapsis 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) 107 camilla apoapsis 560937000 . 0 ( kilometres ) (id194)
107 camilla discoverer n . r . pogson n . r . pogson died in chennai . 107 camilla absolutemagnitude 7 . 08 n . r . pogson was born in nottingham . n . r . pogson is from the england states . (id195)
1089 tama epoch 2005 - 11 - 26 1089 tama escapevelocity 0 . 0068 ( kilometreperseconds ) 1089 tama was formerly called a919 ha ; 1927 wb ; . 1089 tama orbitalperiod 1202 . 846 ( days ) 1089 tama apoapsis 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) (id196)
1101 clematis epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 1101 clematis escapevelocity 0 . 02 ( kilometreperseconds ) 1101 clematis mass 5 . 7 ( kilograms ) 1101 clematis orbitalperiod 183309000 . 0 1101 clematis apoapsis 520906000 . 0 ( kilometres ) (id197)
11264 claudiomaccone epoch 2005 - 11 - 26 11264 claudiomaccone orbitalperiod 1513 . 722 ( days ) 11264 claudiomaccone periapsis 296521000 . 0 ( kilometres ) 11264 claudiomaccone apoapsis 475426000 . 0 ( kilometres ) 11264 claudiomaccone temperature 173 . 0 ( kelvins ) (id198)
abdul taib mahmud party parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu abdul taib mahmud is from the asajaya region . abdul taib mahmud resides in the kuching states . abdul taib mahmud was born in miri , malaysia . abdul taib mahmud was born on 1936 - 05 - 21 . (id199)
abdul taib mahmud successor adenan satem abdul taib mahmud party parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu abdul taib mahmud was born in kingdom of sarawak . abdul taib mahmud resides in the demak jaya , jalan bako , kuching , sarawak states . university of adelaide is adenan satem almamater . (id200)
abdulsalami abubakar inofficewhilevicepresident mike akhigbe abdulsalami abubakar activeyearsenddate 1999 - 05 - 29 mike akhigbe predecessor oladipo diya mike akhigbe militarybranch nigerian navy mike akhigbe successor atiku abubakar (id201)
abdulsalami abubakar successor olusegun obasanjo abdulsalami abubakar inofficewhilevicepresident mike akhigbe abdulsalami abubakar activeyearsenddate 1999 - 05 - 29 abdulsalami abubakar militarybranch nigerian army mike akhigbe predecessor oladipo diya (id202)
abraham a . ribicoff died in united states . abraham a . ribicoff party democratic party ( united states ) abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut . abraham a . ribicoff is from the united states states . abraham a . ribicoff office ( workedat , workedas ) governor of connecticut (id203)
abraham a . ribicoff office ( workedat , workedas ) united states secretary of health , education , and welfare abraham a . ribicoff party democratic party ( united states ) abraham a . ribicoff died in new york city . abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut . abraham a . ribicoff is from the united states states . (id204)
abraham a . ribicoff spouse casey ribicoff native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut . abraham a . ribicoff is from the united states states . abraham a . ribicoff died in new york . (id205)
adam holloway was born in kent . adam holloway office ( workedat , workedas ) member of parliament for gravesham adam holloway activeyearsstartdate 2005 - 05 - 05 adam holloway militarybranch grenadier guards magdalene college , cambridge is adam holloway almamater . (id206)
adam holloway party conservative party ( uk ) adam holloway was born in faversham , kent , england . adam holloway activeyearsstartdate 2005 - 05 - 05 adam holloway militarybranch grenadier guards magdalene college , cambridge is adam holloway almamater . (id207)
adonis georgiadis inofficewhileprimeminister antonis samaras antonis samaras inofficewhileprimeminister konstantinos mitsotakis adonis georgiadis was born in greece . adonis georgiadis was born in athens . adonis georgiadis successor makis voridis (id208)
agnes kant is from the netherlands states . mark rutte is the leader of netherlands . agnes kant office ( workedat , workedas ) house of representatives ( netherlands ) emile roemer party socialist party ( netherlands ) emile roemer is the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) . (id209)
agnes kant is from the netherlands states . mark rutte is the leader of netherlands . agnes kant office ( workedat , workedas ) house of representatives ( netherlands ) khadija arib is the leader of house of representatives ( netherlands ) . agnes kant resides in the doesburg states . (id210)
agnes kant is from the netherlands states . mark rutte is the leader of netherlands . agnes kant resides in the doesburg states . emile roemer party socialist party ( netherlands ) emile roemer is the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) . (id211)
albert b . white birthyear 1856 albert b . white deathyear 1941 albert b . white was born on 1856 - 09 - 22 . albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia . albert b . white dateofdeath 1941 - 07 - 03 (id212)
albert b . white spouse agnes ward white albert b . white was born in cleveland . albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia . albert b . white successor william m . o . dawson william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland . (id213)
albert b . white spouse agnes ward white albert b . white successor william m . o . dawson albert b . white office ( workedat , workedas ) governor of west virginia albert b . white was born in cleveland . albert b . white activeyearsenddate 1905 - 03 - 04 (id214)
albert b . white successor william m . o . dawson albert b . white party republican party ( united states ) albert b . white was born in cleveland . albert b . white activeyearsenddate 1905 - 03 - 04 albert b . white activeyearsstartdate 1901 - 03 - 04 (id215)
alberto teisaire died in buenos aires . juan peron spouse eva peron juan peron party labour party ( argentina ) horacio rodriguez larreta is the leader of buenos aires . alberto teisaire inofficewhilepresident juan peron (id216)
alberto teisaire office ( workedat , workedas ) provisional president of the argentine senate alberto teisaire profession rear admiral alberto teisaire successor isaac rojas alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina . alberto teisaire was born on 1891 - 05 - 20 . (id217)
alfons gorbach died in styria . alfons gorbach party austrian people ' s party alfons gorbach died in graz . alfons gorbach was born in tyrol ( state ) . alfons gorbach was born in austria . (id218)
alfons gorbach died in styria . alfons gorbach party austrian people ' s party alfons gorbach died in graz . alfons gorbach was born in tyrol ( state ) . alfons gorbach was born in imst . (id219)
alvah sabin activeyearsenddate 1857 - 03 - 03 alvah sabin is from the vermont ' s 3rd congressional district region . burlington , vermont is the largest city in vermont . alvah sabin is located in the state of vermont . alvah sabin died in sycamore , illinois . (id220)
alvah sabin is from the vermont ' s 3rd congressional district region . alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont . burlington , vermont is the largest city in vermont . alvah sabin is located in the state of vermont . alvah sabin died in sycamore , illinois . (id221)
american civil war 12 was commanded by jefferson davis . alfred moore scales is located in united states . one of the noted alfred moore scales air force battles was the battle of gettysburg of grenada . native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . battle of gettysburg ispartofmilitaryconflict american civil war (id222)
american civil war 12 was commanded by jefferson davis . alfred moore scales is located in united states . native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . one of the noted alfred moore scales air force battles was the siege of petersburg of grenada . siege of petersburg ispartofmilitaryconflict american civil war (id223)
juan peron spouse eva peron juan peron party labour party ( argentina ) alberto teisaire is from the argentina states . spanish language is spoken in argentina . alberto teisaire inofficewhilepresident juan peron (id224)
aaron bertram associatedband / associatedmusicalartist kids imagine nation aaron bertram associatedband / associatedmusicalartist suburban legends suburban legends bandmember brian robertson ( trombonist ) aaron bertram is in the genre of ska punk . ska punk stylisticorigin punk rock (id225)
aaron deer is in the genre of indie rock . aaron deer origin united states aaron deer associatedband / associatedmusicalartist wee giant aaron deer background solo singer aaron deer origin indiana (id226)
aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist old man gloom aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist lotus eaters ( band ) aaron turner is in the genre of black metal . aaron turner origin united states aaron turner activeyearsstartyear 1995 (id227)
aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist twilight ( band ) aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist lotus eaters ( band ) aaron turner is in the genre of sludge metal . aaron turner origin massachusetts aaron turner activeyearsstartyear 1995 (id228)
abradab associatedband / associatedmusicalartist magik ( rapper ) abradab associatedband / associatedmusicalartist kaliber 44 abradab was born in katowice . abradab was born in poland . abradab was born on 1978 - 11 - 12 . (id229)
ace wilder background solo singer ace wilder birthyear 1982 ace wilder was a test singing . ace wilder was born in sweden . ace wilder was born on 1982 - 07 - 23 . (id230)
ace wilder background solo singer ace wilder birthyear 1982 ace wilder was a test songwriter . ace wilder was born in stockholm . ace wilder was born on 1982 - 07 - 23 . (id231)
ace wilder is in the genre of hip hop music . hip hop music musicsubgenre gangsta rap hip hop music stylisticorigin funk hip hop music derivative drum and bass hip hop music stylisticorigin disco (id232)
ace wilder is in the genre of hip hop music . hip hop music stylisticorigin funk ace wilder was born in sweden . hip hop music derivative drum and bass hip hop music stylisticorigin disco (id233)
al anderson ( nrbq band ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist nrbq al anderson ( nrbq band ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist the wildweeds al anderson ( nrbq band ) was born in windsor , connecticut . al anderson ( nrbq band ) is in the genre of rock music . al anderson ( nrbq band ) activeyearsstartyear 1966 (id234)
al anderson ( nrbq band ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist nrbq rock music musicfusiongenre bhangra ( music ) al anderson ( nrbq band ) instrument guitar al anderson ( nrbq band ) is in the genre of rock music . rock music stylisticorigin country music (id235)
alan frew was a test musician . alan frew origin canada alan frew was born in coatbridge . alan frew origin newmarket , ontario alan frew background solo singer (id236)
aleksandra kovac background solo singer aleksandra kovac birthyear 1972 aleksandra kovac was born in socialist republic of serbia . aleksandra kovac is in the genre of pop music . pop music musicfusiongenre disco (id237)
aleksandra kovac is in the genre of rhythm and blues . aleksandra kovac associatedband / associatedmusicalartist k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) aleksandra kovac associatedband / associatedmusicalartist kornelije kovac aleksandra kovac background solo singer aleksandra kovac activeyearsstartyear 1990 (id238)
alfred garth jones died in london . alfred garth jones was born in england . alfred garth jones is from the united kingdom states . alfred garth jones was born in manchester . alfred garth jones birthyear 1872 (id239)
alfred garth jones died in sidcup . alfred garth jones died in london . alfred garth jones was born in manchester . the london , is led by the provincial european parliament . boris johnson is the leader of london . (id240)
alfred garth jones died in sidcup . alfred garth jones died in london . alfred garth jones was born in manchester . labour party ( uk ) is the leader of manchester . the london , is led by the provincial european parliament . (id241)
alison o ' donnell associatedband / associatedmusicalartist flibbertigibbet alison o ' donnell associatedband / associatedmusicalartist mellow candle alison o ' donnell is in the genre of folk music of ireland . alison o ' donnell recordlabel floating world records alison o ' donnell activeyearsstartyear 1963 (id242)
alison o ' donnell is in the genre of jazz . jazz derivative funk alison o ' donnell recordlabel deram records deram records is located in london . alison o ' donnell recordlabel stanyan records (id243)
alison o ' donnell is in the genre of jazz . jazz derivative funk jazz musicfusiongenre afrobeat alison o ' donnell instrument autoharp jazz stylisticorigin folk music (id244)
alison o ' donnell is in the genre of jazz . jazz stylisticorigin blues jazz derivative funk jazz musicfusiongenre afrobeat alison o ' donnell instrument voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp (id245)
allen forrest birthyear 1981 allen forrest is in the genre of acoustic music . allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama . allen forrest background solo singer allen forrest was born in fort campbell . (id246)
anders osborne associatedband / associatedmusicalartist billy iuso anders osborne associatedband / associatedmusicalartist voice of the wetlands all - stars anders osborne is in the genre of rock music . anders osborne associatedband / associatedmusicalartist galactic anders osborne activeyearsstartyear 1989 (id247)
anders osborne associatedband / associatedmusicalartist galactic anders osborne associatedband / associatedmusicalartist tab benoit anders osborne is in the genre of blues . anders osborne associatedband / associatedmusicalartist billy iuso anders osborne activeyearsstartyear 1989 (id248)
andra ( singer ) birthyear 1986 andra ( singer ) is in the genre of dance - pop . andra ( singer ) was born in campia turzii . andra ( singer ) background solo singer andra ( singer ) was a test singer , reality television judge . (id249)
andra ( singer ) is in the genre of rhythm and blues . andra ( singer ) background solo singer andra ( singer ) birthyear 1986 andra ( singer ) was a test singing . andra ( singer ) was born in romania . (id250)
andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist armin van buuren andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist bobina andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist armin van buuren , bobina , mark sixma , jonathan mendelsohn , christian burns , jwaydan , alexander popov , jano , alexandre bergheau , jonny rose , sylvia tosun , lira yin , alexandra badoi andrew rayel is in the genre of trance music . trance music stylisticorigin pop music (id251)
andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist christian burns andrew rayel is in the genre of trance music . andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist armin van buuren andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova . andrew rayel activeyearsstartyear 2009 (id252)
andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist jwaydan moyine andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist bobina andrew rayel is in the genre of trance music . andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova . andrew rayel activeyearsstartyear 2009 (id253)
andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist jwaydan moyine jwaydan moyine associatedband / associatedmusicalartist john digweed andrew rayel instrument string instrument andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist christian burns andrew rayel is in the genre of trance music . (id254)
andrew white ( musician ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist kaiser chiefs andrew white ( musician ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist marry banilow andrew white ( musician ) recordlabel b - unique records andrew white ( musician ) recordlabel polydor records andrew white ( musician ) activeyearsstartyear 2003 (id255)
hip hop music stylisticorigin disco allen forrest was born in fort campbell . allen forrest is in the genre of hip hop music . hip hop music stylisticorigin funk hip hop music derivative drum and bass (id256)
hip hop music stylisticorigin disco allen forrest is in the genre of hip hop music . allen forrest birthyear 1981 hip hop music stylisticorigin funk hip hop music derivative drum and bass (id257)
the london , is led by the provincial parliament of the united kingdom . alfred garth jones died in sidcup . alfred garth jones died in london . alfred garth jones was born in manchester . labour party ( uk ) is the leader of manchester . (id258)
mestizo are an ethnic group in the united paraguay . agustin barboza was born in asuncion . juan afara is the leader of paraguay . agustin barboza died in paraguay . spanish language is spoken in paraguay . (id259)
polydor records is located in london . alternative rock musicfusiongenre nu metal andrew white ( musician ) is in the genre of alternative rock . andrew white ( musician ) recordlabel b - unique records andrew white ( musician ) recordlabel polydor records (id260)
polydor records is located in london . alternative rock musicfusiongenre nu metal andrew white ( musician ) recordlabel polydor records andrew white ( musician ) recordlabel universal records ( defunct record label ) andrew white ( musician ) is in the genre of alternative rock . (id261)
rock music musicfusiongenre bhangra ( music ) al anderson ( nrbq band ) instrument guitar al anderson ( nrbq band ) is in the genre of rock music . rock music stylisticorigin country music country music stylisticorigin blues (id262)
rock music stylisticorigin blues rock music musicfusiongenre bhangra ( music ) country music instrument banjo al anderson ( nrbq band ) is in the genre of rock music . rock music stylisticorigin country music (id263)
twilight ( band ) is in the genre of black metal . aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist twilight ( band ) aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist old man gloom aaron turner instrument electric guitar black metal musicfusiongenre death metal (id264)
raul fernando sendic rodriguez is the leader of uruguay . alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo . montevideo is located in uruguay . daniel martinez ( politician ) is the leader of montevideo . spanish language is spoken in uruguay . (id265)
