103 colmore row is located in birmingham . 103 colmore row was completed in 1976 . 1973 was the start date for the building at 103 colmore row . there are 23 floors at 103 colmore row .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa . asian south africans are an ethnic group in the united south africa . cape town is the capital of south africa . coloured are an ethnic group in the united south africa .
200 public square is located in cleveland . cleveland is part of cuyahoga county , ohio . cleveland is located in united states . cleveland ' s governing body is cleveland city council .
250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo , new york . 250 delaware avenue 110 million ( dollars ) . 250 delaware avenue has a floor area of 30843 . 8 ( square metres ) . there are 12 floors at 250 delaware avenue .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago . rahm emanuel is the leader of chicago . chicago is part of cook county , illinois . chicago is located in united states .
300 north lasalle is located in illinois . 300 north lasalle has a floor area of 120770 . 0 ( square metres ) . 300 north lasalle was completed in 2009 . there are 60 floors at 300 north lasalle .
3arena is owned by live nation entertainment . dublin is part of republic of ireland . 3arena is located in dublin . dublin is part of leinster .
marriott marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen . ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in copenhagen . the architect of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is 3xn . there are 23 floors at ac hotel bella sky copenhagen .
adare manor is located in adare . county limerick is part of munster . adare manor is located in county limerick . county limerick is governed by the limerick limerick city and county council council .
akita museum of art is located in japan . akita museum of art is located in akita , akita . akita , akita is part of akita prefecture . brazilians in japan are an ethnic group in the united japan .
akita museum of art is located in japan . akita museum of art is located in akita , akita . akita , akita is part of akita prefecture . filipinos in japan are an ethnic group in the united japan .
akita museum of art is located in japan . akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture . vietnamese people in japan are an ethnic group in the united japan . akita museum of art is located in akita , akita .
akita museum of art is located in japan . brazilians in japan are an ethnic group in the united japan . akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture . akita museum of art is located in akita , akita .
alan b . miller hall is owned by college of william & mary . alan b . miller hall was completed in 1 june 2009 . alan b . miller hall is located on 101 ukrop way . alan b . miller hall is located in williamsburg , virginia .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat . amdavad ni gufa is located in india . narendra modi is the leader of india . sumitra mahajan is the leader of india .
asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove , california . asilomar conference grounds were added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 - 02 - 27 . asilomar conference grounds has the reference number 87000823 in the national register of historic places . asilomar conference grounds was built in 1913 .
asser levy public baths is located in avenue a ( manhattan ) . asser levy public baths has the reference number 80002709 in the national register of historic places . asser levy public baths was built in 1904 . asser levy public baths were added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1980 - 04 - 23 .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city . cyrus vance , jr . is the leader of manhattan . new york city is part of manhattan . new york city is part of brooklyn .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city . new york city is located in united states . gale brewer is the leader of manhattan . new york city is part of manhattan .
antioch , birmingham has postal codes b postcode area . the architect of 103 colmore row is john madin . john madin was born in birmingham . andrew mitchell is the leader of birmingham .
antioch , birmingham has postal codes b postcode area . the architect of 103 colmore row is john madin . john madin was born in birmingham . labour party ( uk ) is the leader of birmingham .
anandiben patel is the leader of gujarat . amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat . amdavad ni gufa is located in india . sumitra mahajan is the leader of india .
t . s . thakur is the leader of india . amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat . amdavad ni gufa is located in india . narendra modi is the leader of india .
brazilians in japan are an ethnic group in the united japan . akita prefecture is located in japan . akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture . akita museum of art is located in akita , akita .
the london , is led by the provincial parliament of the united kingdom . 20 fenchurch street is located in united kingdom . london is the capital of united kingdom . elizabeth ii is the leader of united kingdom .
english language is spoken in united states . the united states , is led by the provincial president of the united states . joe biden is the leader of united states . 250 delaware avenue is located in united states .
11th mississippi infantry monument is located in united states . 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the state of pennsylvania . 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 . 11th mississippi infantry monument falls under the category of contributing property .
baku is the capital of azerbaijan . the azerbaijan , is led by the provincial prime minister of azerbaijan . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan . artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan .
baku is the capital of azerbaijan . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan . turk sehitleri aniti is the native name of baku turkish martyrs ' memorial .
monocacy national battlefield is located in frederick county , maryland . 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument was established in 1907 - 07 - 11 . 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the district of monocacy national battlefield . the city nearest monocacy national battlefield is frederick , maryland , maryland .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey . ankara is the capital of turkey . ataturk monument ( izmir ) is made bronze . ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey .
the turkey , is led by the provincial president of turkey . ataturk monument ( izmir ) was designed by pietro canonica . alan b . ataturk monument ( izmir ) hall was in augurated on 1932 - 07 - 27 . ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey .
albany , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) . english language is spoken in united states . albany , georgia is located in united states . native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states .
the area code of albuquerque , new mexico , indiana is 505 , 575 . the land area , of albuquerque , new mexico ( new mexico ) , is 486 . 2 ( square kilometres ) . albuquerque , new mexico , texas has a total area of 490 . 9 ( square kilometres ) . albuquerque , new mexico , texas has a population density of 1142 . 3 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
alpharetta , georgia is located in united states . alpharetta , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) . alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia . atlanta is the county seat fulton county , georgia , in indiana .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas . potter county , texas is located in united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas . potter county , texas is located in the state of texas . amarillo , texas is located in united states . austin , texas is the capital of texas .
the anaheim , california , is led by the provincial california state assembly . anaheim , california is part of california . california state assembly is located in california state capitol . spanish language is spoken in california .
anderson , indiana , texas has a population density of 523 . 9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . anderson , indiana , texas has a total area of 107 . 43 ( square kilometres ) . anderson , indiana , indiana is located at 268 . 0 above sea level . anderson , indiana is part of adams , fall creek , lafayette , richland , union .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana . angola , indiana is located in united states . angola , indiana is part of indiana . angola , indiana , texas has a total area of 16 . 55 ( square kilometres ) .
anaheim , antioch , california has a utc offset of - 7 . antioch , california , ca has 102372 people inhabiting it . the area code of antioch , california , indiana is 925 . antioch , california , texas has a total area of 75 . 324 ( square kilometres ) .
atlantic city , new jersey , texas has a population density of 1421 . 2 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . the area code of atlantic city , new jersey , indiana is 609 . the atlantic city , new jersey , is led by the provincial mayors of atlantic city , new jersey . atlantic city , new jersey , texas has a total area of 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama . auburn , alabama is located in united states . lee county , alabama is located in the state of alabama . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama . lee county , alabama is located in united states . lee county , alabama is located in the state of alabama . african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . pierce county , washington is located in united states . auburn , washington is part of king county , washington .
auburn , washington is part of washington ( state ) . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . auburn , washington is located in united states . auburn , washington is part of king county , washington .
austin , texas is part of texas . houston is the largest city in texas . san marcos , texas is the county seat hays county , texas , in indiana . austin , texas is part of hays county , texas .
chinese language is spoken in california . the anaheim , california , is led by the provincial california state assembly . anaheim , california is part of california . california state assembly is located in california state capitol .
georgia ( u . s . state ) is located in united states . alpharetta , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) . alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia . atlanta is the county seat fulton county , georgia , in indiana .
indianapolis is the capital of indiana . anderson , indiana is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana . lafayette township , madison county , indiana is located in united states . anderson , indiana is part of indiana .
english language is spoken in texas . arlington , texas is part of texas . texas is located in united states . houston is the largest city in texas .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon . albany , oregon is located in united states . african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . new jersey is located in united states . new york city is the largest city in united states . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . the united states , is led by the provincial president of the united states . the leader of united states is barack obama . albuquerque , new mexico is located in united states .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . the albuquerque , new mexico , is led by the provincial new mexico senate . the leader of new mexico senate is john sanchez . albuquerque , new mexico is located in united states .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon . albany , oregon is located in united states .
native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . the leader of united states is barack obama . the albuquerque , new mexico , is led by the provincial mayor of albuquerque . albuquerque , new mexico is located in united states .
english language is spoken in united states . albany , georgia is located in united states . native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . albany , georgia is part of united states .
english language is spoken in united states . angola , indiana is part of indiana . angola , indiana is located in united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
english language is spoken in united states . angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana . angola , indiana is located in united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
jens hartel manages 1 . fc magdeburg . jens hartel plays for sv babelsberg 03 . jens hartel plays for 1 . fc union berlin . jens hartel plays for fsv zwickau .
rolando maran manages a . c . chievo verona . rolando maran plays for f . c . bari 1908 . michele rolando maran was born in italy . rolando maran plays for carrarese calcio .
michele marcolini manages a . c . lumezzane . michele michele marcolini was born in italy . michele marcolini plays for torino f . c . . michele marcolini plays for a . c . chievo verona .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members . antonis milionis is the chairman of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis . a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis ground is in efxeinoupoli . a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis play in a epsth 2nd group .
stuart parker ( footballer ) manages a . f . c . blackpool . the leader of blackpool is conservative party ( uk ) . stuart parker ( footballer ) plays for stockport county f . c . . a . f . c . blackpool ground is in blackpool .
stuart parker ( footballer ) manages a . f . c . blackpool . the leader of blackpool is gordon marsden . stuart parker ( footballer ) plays for stockport county f . c . . a . f . c . blackpool ground is in blackpool .
a . f . c . fylde ground is in warton , fylde , lancashire . a . f . c . fylde played in the 2014 season . a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members . the full name of a . f . c . fylde is " association football club fylde " .
a . f . c . fylde played in the 2014 season . a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members . the full name of a . f . c . fylde is " association football club fylde " . a . f . c . fylde ground is in bryning lane .
paulo sousa manages acf fiorentina . paulo sousa plays for juventus f . c . . paulo sousa plays for maccabi tel aviv f . c . . paulo sousa plays for inter milan .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members . aek athens f . c . ground is in greece . aek athens f . c . play in superleague greece . aek athens f . c . played in the 2014 season .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ground is in sportpark de toekomst . sportpark de toekomst is operated by afc ajax . sportpark de toekomst is owned by afc ajax n . v . . marriott jong ajax is the tenant of sportpark de toekomst .
the nickname of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is joden , godenzonen . afc ajax ( amateurs ) played in the 2014 season . afc ajax ( amateurs ) has 5000 members . the full name of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is " amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs " .
john van den brom manages az alkmaar . john van den brom plays for vitesse arnhem . john van den brom plays for afc ajax . john van den brom plays for netherlands national football team .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in campeonato brasileiro serie c . agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ground is in estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca . estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca is located in alagoas . the name of the championship football team in the campeonato brasileiro serie c os the vila nova futebol clube fk .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in campeonato brasileiro serie c . campeonato brasileiro serie c is located in brazil . agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ground is in estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca . estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca is located in alagoas .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in campeonato brasileiro serie c . campeonato brasileiro serie c is located in brazil . agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ground is in estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca . estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca is located in arapiraca .
akron summit assault ground is in st . vincent - st . mary high school . st . vincent - st . mary high school is located in united states . akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio . st . vincent - st . mary high school is located in the city of akron , ohio .
the leader of italy is pietro grasso . rome is the capital of italy . the leader of italy is sergio mattarella . a . s . gubbio 1910 ground is in italy .
peter stoger plays for sk vorwarts steyr . peter stoger plays for fc admira wacker modling . peter stoger manages 1 . fc koln . peter stoger plays for fk austria wien .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas . the runway length of abilene regional airport is 2194 . 0 . abilene regional airport is elevated 546 metres above sea level . 17l / 35r is the runway name of abilene regional airport .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york . the runway length of adirondack regional airport is 2003 . 0 . adirondack regional airport is elevated 507 metres above sea level . adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york .
18l / 36r is the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport . the runway length of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is 3500 . 0 . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is operated by enaire .
agra airport is located in india . agra airport is operated by indian air force . agra agra airport iata location identifier is agr . the icao location identifier of agra airport is viag .
al asad airbase is operated by united states air force . al asad airbase is located in iraq . the runway length of al asad airbase is 3990 . 0 . 08 / 26 is the runway name of al asad airbase .
al asad airbase is operated by united states air force . the runway length of al asad airbase is 3990 . 0 . al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq . 09r / 27l is the runway name of al asad airbase .
al asad airbase is operated by united states air force . one of the noted united states air force air force battles was the invasion of grenada of grenada . lockheed ac - 130 can be found on united states air force . united states air force air force aircraft fighter mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan . the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 2900 . 0 . allama iqbal international airport is operated by pakistan civil aviation authority . allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam . 09 / 27 ' buitenveldertbaan ' is the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol . the runway length of amsterdam airport schiphol is 2014 . 0 . amsterdam airport schiphol is elevated - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam . 18l / 36r ' aalsmeerbaan ' is the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol . the runway length of amsterdam airport schiphol is 2014 . 0 . amsterdam airport schiphol is elevated - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is located in texas . the runway length of andrews county airport is 929 . 0 . andrews county airport serves the city of andrews , texas . andrews county airport is elevated 973 . 0 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is located in texas . austin , texas is the capital of texas . tejano texas texas is located in united states .
andrews county airport is located in texas . austin , texas is the capital of texas . english language is spoken in texas . texas is located in united states .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo . icolo e bengo is located in angola . angola international airport serves the city of luanda . icolo e bengo is part of luanda province .
antwerp international airport is operated by flemish government . antwerp international airport is owned by flemish region . antwerp international airport is elevated 12 . 0 metres above sea level . the runway length of antwerp international airport is 600 . 0 .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines . turkmenistan airlines is headquartered at jinnah turkmenistan airport . the hub airport for turkmenistan airlines airlines is turkmenbashi international airport airport . turkmenistan airlines is headquartered at jinnah ashgabat airport .
athens international airport serves the city of athens . athens international airport is located in spata . athens international airport is elevated 94 metres above sea level . the runway length of athens international airport is 3800 . 0 .
atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city , new jersey . atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey . egg harbor township , new jersey is located in united states . don guardian is the leader of atlantic city , new jersey .
atlantic city international airport is owned by south jersey transportation authority . stephen dilts is the leader of south jersey transportation authority . atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey . egg harbor township , new jersey is located in united states .
charles michel is the leader of belgium . antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp . german language is spoken in belgium . antwerp is located in belgium .
philippe of belgium is the leader of belgium . antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp . french language is spoken in belgium . antwerp is located in belgium .
harrietstown , new york is located in united states . saranac lake , new york is part of harrietstown , new york . saranac lake , new york is part of essex county , new york . adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york .
kurdish languages is spoken in iraq . fuad masum is the leader of iraq . al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah . fallujah is located in iraq .
haider al - abadi is the leader of iraq . kurdish languages is spoken in iraq . al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah . fallujah is located in iraq .
lahore is located in pakistan . allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan . allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore . malik muhammad rafique rajwana is the leader of punjab , pakistan .
poaceae belongs to the division of flowering plant . the 1st runway at alderney airport airport is made from poaceae . poaceae belongs to the order of commelinids . poaceae class is monocotyledon .
rona rona fairhead is the key person for bbc . bananaman broadcastedby bbc one of the products of bcc is bbc bbc radio . bbc is located in broadcasting house .
jill shilling starred in bananaman . bananaman was created by steve bright . bananaman firstaired 1983 - 10 - 03 bananaman broadcastedby stv
ryan potter starred in big hero 6 ( film ) . duncan rouleau is from the americans states . baymax was created by duncan rouleau . baymax series big hero 6 ( film )
bolt ( comicscharacter ) was created by gary cohn ( comics ) . ernie colon is from the puerto ricans states . bolt ( comicscharacter ) was created by ernie colon . bolt ( comicscharacter ) is also known as larry bolatinsky .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by eric flint . eric flint was born in burbank , california . 1634 : the bavarian crisis by 1634 : the grantville gazette iii affair . 1634 : the bavarian crisis by 1634 : the demarce short stories in the the grantville gazettes affair .
1634 : the ram rebellion is available in e - book . 1634 : the ram rebellion has 512 pages . 1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint , virginia demarce , et al . . the isbn number of 1634 : the ram rebellion 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0
aids ( journal ) is located in united kingdom . lippincott williams & wilkins is the publisher of aids ( journal ) . lippincott williams & wilkins is the parent company of the wolters kluwer press . elizabeth ii is the leader of united kingdom .
a fortress of grey ice is available in hardcover . the oclc number of a fortress of grey ice is 51969173 . a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones . the isbn number of a fortress of grey ice 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong . the oclc number of a loyal character dancer is 49805501 . the isbn number of a loyal character dancer 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 a loyal character dancer is available in hardcover .
english language is spoken in a loyal character dancer . english language is spoken in great great britain . a loyal character dancer is located in united states . native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states .
soho press is the publisher of a loyal character dancer . soho press is located in united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . english language is spoken in united states .
a wizard of mars is available in hardcover . a wizard of mars has 560 pages . a wizard of mars was written by diane duane . the isbn number of a wizard of mars 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2
the lccn number of acta mathematica hungarica is 83646315 . acta mathematica hungarica is abbreviated acta math . hungar . . pol . the academic discipline of acta mathematica hungarica is mathematics . the issn number of acta mathematica hungarica is 0236 - 5294 .
the lccn number of acta palaeontologica polonica is 60040714 . the academic discipline of acta palaeontologica polonica is paleobiology . acta palaeontologica polonica is abbreviated acta palaeontol . pol . . pol . the issn number of acta palaeontologica polonica is 0567 - 7920 .
polish academy of sciences is the publisher of acta palaeontologica polonica . the issn number of acta palaeontologica polonica is 1732 - 2421 . the lccn number of acta palaeontologica polonica is 60040714 . acta palaeontologica polonica is abbreviated acta palaeontol . pol . . pol .
cornell university is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . cornell university is affiliated with association of public and land - grant universities . cornell university is affiliated with association of american universities . cornell university is located in the state of new york .
cornell university is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . cornell university is affiliated with association of public and land - grant universities . cornell university is located in the state of new york . cornell university is located in the city of ithaca , new york .
aenir has 233 pages . aenir was written by garth nix . the isbn number of aenir 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 aenir is available in paperback .
english language is spoken in alcatraz versus the evil librarians . english language is spoken in great great britain . alcatraz versus the evil librarians is located in united states . african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
johns hopkins university press is the publisher of american journal of mathematics . johns hopkins university press is located in united states . johns hopkins university press is the parent company of the johns hopkins university press . american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878 .
english language is spoken in great great britain . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . english language is spoken in united states . alcatraz versus the evil librarians is located in united states .
barack obama is the leader of united states . english language is spoken in a wizard of mars . english language is spoken in great great britain . a wizard of mars is located in united states .
barack obama is the leader of united states . english language is spoken in a wizard of mars . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . a wizard of mars is located in united states .
barack obama is the leader of united states . english language is spoken in great great britain . english language is spoken in united states . a wizard of mars is located in united states .
barack obama is the leader of united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . english language is spoken in united states . a severed wasp is located in united states .
alan bean is from the united states states . alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . alan bean spent 100305 . 0 ( minutes ) in space . alan bean was chosen by nasa in 1963 .
alan shepard was a part of the crew of apollo 14 12 . distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) from the navy is higher than the department of department of commerce gold medal . apollo 14 is operated by nasa . the number of buzz alan shepard ' s awards are distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) .
chris patten served as a representative of british hong kong . william anders was a part of the crew of apollo 8 12 . william anders was born in british hong kong . frank frank borman was a member of the crew on apollo 8 8 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz aldrin was a part of the crew of apollo 11 12 . massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 is buzz aldrin almamater . buzz aldrin is retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz aldrin was chosen by nasa in 1963 . buzz aldrin was a part of the crew of apollo 11 12 . buzz aldrin was a test fighter pilot .
buzz aldrin was a part of the crew of apollo 11 12 . buzz aldrin ' s full name was " edwin eugene aldrin jr . " . the number of buzz buzz aldrin ' s awards are 20 . apollo 11 is operated by nasa .
distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) from the navy is higher than the department of department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard died in california . alan shepard was born in new hampshire . the number of buzz alan shepard ' s awards are distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) .
distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) from the navy is higher than the department of department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard died in california . the senator representing california was dianne feinstein . the number of buzz alan shepard ' s awards are distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) .
university of texas at austin is elliot see almamater . elliot see died in st . louis . elliot see was born in dallas . elliot see is from the united states states .
william anders was a test fighter pilot . william anders was a part of the crew of apollo 8 12 . apollo 8 is operated by nasa . william anders was chosen by nasa in 1963 .
awh engineering college is located in india . awh engineering college was established in 2001 . awh engineering college is located in the city of kuttikkattoor . the ganges is a river in india .
acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . visvesvaraya technological university is located in the city of belgaum . acharya institute of technology is located in india . acharya institute of technology campus in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 .
acharya institute of technology is located in the city of bangalore . dr . g . p . prabhukumar is the director of acharya institute of technology . acharya institute of technology is located in india . acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
all india council for technical education was proud to give the technical campus status to acharya institute of technology . all india council for technical education is located in mumbai . tennis is one of the sports offered at acharya institute of technology . the sport tennis has a governing body called international tennis federation .
alba iulia is part of alba county . bucharest is the capital of romania . 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the city of alba iulia . 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania .
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark . aarhus is governed by the limerick magistrate council .
kochi is the leader of kerala . the academic staff at the awh awh engineering college college number 250 . awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala . awh engineering college is located in the city of kuttikkattoor .
germans of romania are an ethnic group in the united romania . bucharest is the capital of romania . 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the anthem of romania is called desteapta - te , romane ! romane .
klaus iohannis is the leader of romania . alba iulia is located in romania . bucharest is the capital of romania . 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the city of alba iulia .
amatriciana sauce is from the lazio region . amatriciana sauce is located in italy . tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce . the main ingredients of amatriciana sauce are tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil .
arrabbiata sauce is located in italy . rome is the capital of italy . pietro grasso is the leader of italy . sergio mattarella is the leader of italy .
arros negre is located in spain . the main ingredients of arros negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers . arros negre is from the catalonia region . cuttlefish is an ingredient in arros negre .
arros negre is located in spain . the main ingredients of arros negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers . arros negre is from the catalonia region . white rice is an ingredient in arros negre .
arros negre is located in spain . spaniards are an ethnic group in the united spain . arros negre is from the catalonia region . parliament of catalonia is the leader of catalonia .
asam pedas is located in malaysia . malaysian malay are an ethnic group in the united malaysia . batak are an ethnic group in the united sumatra . asam pedas is from the sumatra region .
asam pedas is located in malaysia . minangkabau people are an ethnic group in the united sumatra . asam pedas is from the sumatra region . malays ( ethnic group ) are an ethnic group in the united sumatra .
bacon explosion is located in united states . barack obama is the leader of united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states .
bacon explosion is located in united states . john roberts is the leader of united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states .
ketchup is an ingredient in bacon sandwich . blt is a variation of club sandwich . bacon sandwich is a variation of blt . bacon sandwich is located in united kingdom .
the main ingredients of bacon sandwich are bread and bacon , with a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce . bacon sandwich is located in united kingdom . bacon sandwich is also known as bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin . condiment is an ingredient in bacon sandwich .
baked alaska is a dessert . dessert is a variation of cookie . african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . baked alaska is located in united states .
the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding . baked alaska is from the paris , new york or hong kong region . baked alaska is located in united states . sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska .
baked alaska is from the hong kong region . the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding . baked alaska is located in france , united states or china . meringue is an ingredient in baked alaska .
baked alaska is from the hong kong region . the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding . baked alaska is located in united states . ice cream is an ingredient in baked alaska .
bakewell pudding is from the derbyshire dales region . bakewell pudding is a variation of bakewell tart . derbyshire dales is part of derbyshire . fruit preserves is an ingredient in bakewell tart .
tapioca is an ingredient in bakso . bakso is located in indonesia . the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots . bakso is from the nationwide in indonesia , also popular in neighboring southeast asian countries region .
bakso is from the indonesia region . noodle is an ingredient in bakso . bakso is located in indonesia . the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots .
kidney bean is an ingredient in bandeja paisa . the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon . bandeja paisa is from the paisa region region . bandeja paisa is located in colombian cuisine .
the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon . bandeja paisa is from the paisa region region . bandeja paisa is located in colombian cuisine . hogao is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
barny cakes is located in france . french language is spoken in france . gerard larcher is the leader of france . francois hollande is the leader of france .
batagor is located in indonesia . batagor is a variation of siomay . siomay is a variation of shumai . shiitake is an ingredient in shumai .
batchoy is located in philippines . the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef . pork is an ingredient in batchoy . batchoy is from the la paz , iloilo city region .
chicken is an ingredient in batchoy . batchoy is located in philippines . batchoy is a soup . the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
beef kway teow is located in singapore . the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil . beef kway teow is from the nationwide in singapore and indonesia region . sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow .
beef kway teow is from the singapore region . beef kway teow is located in singapore and indonesia . standard chinese is spoken in singapore . halimah yacob is the leader of singapore .
beef kway teow is from the singapore region . the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil . beef kway teow is located in indonesia . sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow .
bhajji is located in india . bhajji is from the karnataka region . bhajji is also known as bhaji , bajji . vegetable is an ingredient in bhajji .
bhajji is from the karnataka region . the main ingredients of bhajji are gram flour , vegetables . bhajji is also known as bhaji , bajji . vegetable is an ingredient in bhajji .
sweet potato is an ingredient in binignit . sweet potato belongs to the division of flowering plant . the main ingredients of binignit are sago . sweet potato belongs to the order of solanales .
binignit is from the visayas region . the main ingredients of binignit are coconut milk . binignit is located in philippines . sago is an ingredient in binignit .
bionico is located in mexico . bionico is a dessert . bionico is from the jalisco region . granola is an ingredient in bionico .
bionico is located in mexico . the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut , raisins . bionico is from the guadalajara region . sour cream is an ingredient in bionico .
bionico is located in mexico . silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico . bionico is a dessert . dessert is a variation of cookie .
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia . bakso is from the indonesia region . tapioca is an ingredient in bakso . bakso is located in indonesia .
baduy are an ethnic group in the united java . ayam penyet is from the singapore region . tony tan is the leader of singapore . ayam penyet is located in java .
ilocano people are an ethnic group in the united philippines . zamboangans are an ethnic group in the united philippines . philippine spanish is spoken in philippines . batchoy is located in philippines .
arabic is spoken in philippines . zamboangans are an ethnic group in the united philippines . batchoy is located in philippines . igorot people are an ethnic group in the united philippines .
philippine english is spoken in philippines . binignit is a dessert . dessert is a variation of cookie . binignit is located in philippines .
philippine english is spoken in philippines . binignit is a dessert . dessert is a variation of sandesh ( confectionery ) . binignit is located in philippines .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen . alexander nouri manages sv werder bremen ii . aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen ii . sv werder bremen ii play in 3 . liga .
abel hernandez plays for penarol . michele abel hernandez played youth football for central espanol . steve bruce manages hull city a . f . c . . abel hernandez plays for hull city a . f . c . .
michele abel hernandez played youth football for penarol . abel hernandez plays for central espanol . jorge orosman da silva manages penarol . abel hernandez plays for u . s . citta di palermo .
michele abel hernandez played youth football for penarol . giuseppe iachini manages u . s . citta di palermo . abel hernandez plays for u . s . citta di palermo . u . s . citta di palermo play in serie a .
adam mcquaid was born in prince edward island . adam mcquaid was born on 1986 - 10 - 12 . adam mcquaid weight 94 . 8024 ( kilograms ) adam mcquaid birthyear 1986
adam mcquaid draftteam columbus blue jackets boston bruins generalmanager don sweeney columbus blue jackets is located in the city of columbus , ohio . adam mcquaid plays for boston bruins .
akeem ayers formerteam st . louis rams akeem ayers was born on 1989 - 07 - 10 . akeem ayers debutteam tennessee titans akeem ayers birthyear 1989
akeem dent birthyear 1987 akeem dent formerteam houston texans akeem dent was born on 1987 - 09 - 27 . akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia .
akeem dent debutteam atlanta falcons akeem dent formerteam houston texans akeem dent was born on 1987 - 09 - 27 . akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia .
al kharaitiyat sc ground is in al khor . alaa abdul - zahra plays for al - zawra ' a sc . alaa abdul - zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc . amar osim manages al kharaitiyat sc .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc . al kharaitiyat sc ground is in al khor . alaa abdul - zahra plays for iraq national under - 23 football team . amar osim manages al kharaitiyat sc .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc . al kharaitiyat sc ground is in al khor . alaa abdul - zahra plays for shabab al - ordon club . amar osim manages al kharaitiyat sc .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for hamilton academical f . c . . alan martin ( footballer ) was born on 1989 - 01 - 01 . the height of alan martin ( footballer ) is 185 . 42 ( centimetres ) . alan martin ( footballer ) plays for crewe alexandra f . c . .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for scotland national under - 21 football team . alan martin ( footballer ) was born on 1989 - 01 - 01 . the height of alan martin ( footballer ) is 185 . 42 ( centimetres ) . alan martin ( footballer ) plays for crewe alexandra f . c . .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 1989 - 02 - 24 . the height of aleksandr prudnikov is 185 . 0 ( centimetres ) . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc dynamo moscow .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow . aleksandr prudnikov was born on 1989 - 02 - 24 . the height of aleksandr prudnikov is 185 . 0 ( centimetres ) . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc rubin kazan .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc karpaty lviv . aleksandre guruli was born in batumi . the height of aleksandre guruli is 178 . 0 ( centimetres ) . aleksandre guruli plays for fc zestafoni .
alex plante birthyear 1989 alex plante plays for anyang halla . alex plante was born in canada . alex plante was born on 1989 - 05 - 09 .
alex plante birthyear 1989 the height of alex plante is 1 . 9304 . alex plante plays for anyang halla . alex plante was born in canada .
the anthem of canada is called o canada romane . elizabeth ii is the leader of canada . aaron boogaard was born in canada . inuktitut is spoken in canada .
the anthem of canada is called o canada romane . elizabeth ii is the leader of canada . asian canadians are an ethnic group in the united canada . aaron boogaard was born in canada .
the anthem of canada is called o canada romane . elizabeth ii is the leader of canada . slavey language is spoken in canada . aaron boogaard was born in canada .
fc terek grozny ground is in grozny . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc terek grozny . rashid rakhimov manages fc terek grozny . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar .
fc torpedo moscow played in the 2014 - 15 russian premier league season . aleksandr chumakov plays for fc torpedo moscow . valery petrakov manages fc torpedo moscow . aleksandr tukmanov is the chairman of fc torpedo moscow .
houston texans is located in the city of texas . akeem dent debutteam atlanta falcons akeem dent formerteam houston texans houston texans is located in the city of houston .
penarol play in uruguayan primera division . michele abel hernandez played youth football for penarol . steve bruce manages hull city a . f . c . . abel hernandez plays for hull city a . f . c . .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 orbitalperiod 8788850000 . 0 ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 periapsis 6155910000000 . 0 ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 apoapsis 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres )
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 epoch 2013 - 11 - 04 ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 orbitalperiod 360 . 29 ( days ) ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 escapevelocity 0 . 0999 ( kilometreperseconds ) ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 apoapsis 254989570 . 60815 ( kilometres )
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 meantemperature 265 . 0 ( kelvins ) ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 apoapsis 254989570 . 60815 ( kilometres ) ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 epoch 2013 - 11 - 04 ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 orbitalperiod 360 . 29 ( days )
1000 piazzia epoch 2015 - 06 - 27 1000 piazzia orbitalperiod 488160 . 0 1000 piazzia periapsis 352497000000 . 0 1000 piazzia escapevelocity 0 . 0252 ( kilometreperseconds )
1001 gaussia discoverer sergey belyavsky 1001 gaussia epoch 2015 - 06 - 27 1001 gaussia was formerly called 1923 oaa907 xc . 1001 gaussia periapsis 419113394 . 55312 ( kilometres )
1036 ganymed discoverer walter baade walter baade was born in german empire . university of gottingen is walter baade almamater . walter baade doctoralstudent allan sandage
1036 ganymed discoverer walter baade walter baade doctoralstudent halton arp walter baade was born in preussisch oldendorf . university of gottingen is walter baade almamater .
1036 ganymed discoverer walter baade walter baade doctoralstudent halton arp walter baade died in west germany . university of gottingen is walter baade almamater .
103 hera discoverer james craig watson university of michigan is james craig watson almamater . james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin . james craig watson deathcause peritonitis
103 hera discoverer james craig watson james craig watson is from the canada states . james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin . 103 hera apoapsis 437170000 . 0 ( kilometres )
103 hera discoverer james craig watson james craig watson is from the canada states . james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin . james craig watson deathcause peritonitis
107 camilla discoverer n . r . pogson n . r . pogson died in chennai . 107 camilla periapsis 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) n . r . pogson was born in nottingham .
107 camilla discoverer n . r . pogson n . r . pogson died in chennai . n . r . pogson was born in nottingham . 107 camilla discovered 2001 - 03 - 01
1089 tama epoch 2005 - 11 - 26 1089 tama was formerly called a894 va ; a904 vd ; . 1089 tama orbitalperiod 1202 . 846 ( days ) 1089 tama periapsis 288749000000 . 0
1089 tama escapevelocity 0 . 0068 ( kilometreperseconds ) 1089 tama orbitalperiod 1202 . 846 ( days ) 1089 tama epoch 2005 - 11 - 26 1089 tama apoapsis 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres )
1097 vicia epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 1097 vicia mass 9 . 8 ( kilograms ) 1097 vicia orbitalperiod 135589000 . 0 1097 vicia apoapsis 511592000 . 0 ( kilometres )
109 felicitas epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 109 felicitas orbitalperiod 139705000 . 0 109 felicitas periapsis 283326000000 . 0 109 felicitas escapevelocity 0 . 0473 ( kilometreperseconds )
10 hygiea epoch 2015 - 06 - 27 10 hygiea was formerly called a900 ga . 10 hygiea orbitalperiod 5 . 57 ( days ) 10 hygiea periapsis 416136000000 . 0
1101 clematis epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 1101 clematis escapevelocity 0 . 02 ( kilometreperseconds ) 1101 clematis orbitalperiod 183309000 . 0 1101 clematis apoapsis 520906000 . 0 ( kilometres )
1101 clematis epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 1101 clematis was formerly called 1928 sj . 1101 clematis orbitalperiod 183309000 . 0 1101 clematis periapsis 445895000000 . 0
1101 clematis escapevelocity 0 . 02 ( kilometreperseconds ) 1101 clematis orbitalperiod 183309000 . 0 1101 clematis periapsis 445895000000 . 0 1101 clematis epoch 2006 - 12 - 31
1955 dodge engine v8 engine 1955 dodge manufacturer dodge 1955 dodge transmission 3 - speed automatic 1955 dodge wheelbase 120 . 0 ( inches )
1955 dodge relatedmeanoftransportation desoto custom desoto custom relatedmeanoftransportation chrysler newport desoto custom successor desoto firedome desoto custom manufacturer desoto ( automobile )
aida cruises is located in rostock . aidastella is operated by aida cruises . aidastella builder meyer werft aidastella is owned by costa crociere .
aidastella is operated by aida cruises . aidastella length 253260 . 0 ( millimetres ) aidastella builder meyer werft aidastella is owned by costa crociere .
alco rs - 3 builder american locomotive company alco rs - 3 builddate may 1950 - august 1956 alco rs - 3 engine v12 engine alco rs - 3 powertype diesel - electric transmission
alco rs - 3 builder american locomotive company alco rs - 3 length 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) alco rs - 3 engine v12 engine alco rs - 3 builddate may 1950 - august 1956
alco rs - 3 builder american locomotive company alco rs - 3 length 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) american locomotive company locationcountry united states marriott american locomotive company was founded in schenectady , new york
alco rs - 3 builder montreal locomotive works alco rs - 3 builddate may 1950 - august 1956 alco rs - 3 engine v12 engine alco rs - 3 powertype diesel - electric transmission
alco rs - 3 builder montreal locomotive works alco rs - 3 cylindercount 12 alco rs - 3 builddate may 1950 - august 1956 alco rs - 3 engine four - stroke engine
amc matador is also known as american motors matador . amc matador assembly mexico city amc matador bodystyle station wagon amc matador engine amc v8 engine
amc matador is also known as vam classic . amc matador assembly kenosha , wisconsin amc matador class is mid - size car . amc matador engine amc straight - 6 engine
acura tlx assembly marysville , ohio acura tlx class is mid - size car . acura tlx layout front - wheel drive / all - wheel drive acura tlx engine honda k engine
acura tlx assembly marysville auto plant acura tlx engine v6 engine acura tlx layout front - engine design acura tlx class is luxury vehicle .
aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) builder finland aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) shipbeam 21 . 2 aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) is in service . aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) builder arctech helsinki shipyard
aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) builder finland finns finland juha sipila is the leader of finland . aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) builder helsinki
aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) shipbeam 21 . 2 aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) is in service . aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) builder helsinki aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) builder arctech helsinki shipyard
alfa romeo 164 assembly italy alfa romeo 164 relatedmeanoftransportation saab 9000 alfa romeo 164 engine straight - four engine alfa romeo 164 relatedmeanoftransportation lancia thema
alfa romeo 164 relatedmeanoftransportation fiat croma alfa romeo 164 assembly italy alfa romeo 164 relatedmeanoftransportation saab 9000 alfa romeo 164 engine v6 engine
alhambra shipbeam 8 . 3 m alhambra length 63800 . 0 ( millimetres ) alhambra shiplaunch 1855 - 05 - 31 alhambra is wrecked .
alvis speed 25 manufacturer alvis car and engineering company marriott alvis car and engineering company was founded in coventry alvis speed 25 engine petrol alvis car and engineering company successor rover company
alvis speed 25 manufacturer alvis car and engineering company marriott alvis car and engineering company was founded in coventry alvis speed 25 engine straight - six engine alvis car and engineering company successor rover company
american motors successor eagle ( automobile ) amc matador manufacturer american motors american motors fate chrysler rona roy d . chapin , jr . is the key person for american motors .
american submarine nr - 1 shipbeam 3 . 8 m american submarine nr - 1 shiplaunch 1969 - 01 - 25 american submarine nr - 1 topspeed 8 . 334 american submarine nr - 1 builder general dynamics electric boat
american submarine nr - 1 shiplaunch 1969 - 01 - 25 american submarine nr - 1 topspeed 8 . 334 american submarine nr - 1 length 45000 . 0 ( millimetres ) american submarine nr - 1 shipbeam 3 . 8 m
antares ( rocket ) manufacturer yuzhnoye design office antares ( rocket ) finalflight 2014 - 10 - 28 antares ( rocket ) maidenflight 2013 - 04 - 21 antares ( rocket ) launchsite mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0
antares ( rocket ) manufacturer yuzhnoye design office antares ( rocket ) maidenflight 2013 - 04 - 21 antares ( rocket ) launchsite mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 antares ( rocket ) finalflight 2013 - 09 - 18
aston martin v8 assembly united kingdom london is the capital of united kingdom . aston martin v8 successor aston martin virage aston martin virage manufacturer aston martin
aston martin v8 relatedmeanoftransportation aston martin dbs aston martin v8 engine 5 . 3 ( litres ) aston martin v8 assembly united kingdom aston martin v8 relatedmeanoftransportation aston martin rham / 1
aston martin v8 relatedmeanoftransportation aston martin dbs aston martin v8 engine 5 . 3 ( litres ) aston martin v8 successor aston martin virage aston martin virage manufacturer aston martin
atlas ii diameter 3 . 04 m atlas ii finalflight 2002 - 12 - 05 atlas ii launchsite vandenberg air force base atlas ii launchsite cape canaveral air force station
audi a1 class is supermini . audi a1 engine 1 . 2 ( litres ) audi a1 layout front - engine , front - wheel - drive layout audi a1 assembly audi brussels
audi a1 manufacturer audi audi was august horch baron reith . audi belongs to the division of audi e - tron . audi subsidiary ducati
caterpillar inc . is located in illinois . marriott caterpillar inc . was founded in california aidaluna is owned by aida cruises . aidaluna powertype caterpillar inc .
costa crociere is located in genoa . aidastella is operated by aida cruises . aidastella builder meyer werft aidastella is owned by costa crociere .
delta ii launchsite cape canaveral air force station antares ( rocket ) comparable delta ii delta ii countryorigin united states antares ( rocket ) launchsite mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0
delta ii launchsite vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 delta ii launchsite cape canaveral air force station antares ( rocket ) comparable delta ii delta ii countryorigin united states
fiat croma relatedmeanoftransportation opel vectra alfa romeo 164 assembly italy alfa romeo 164 relatedmeanoftransportation fiat croma alfa romeo 164 bodystyle sedan ( automobile )
fiat croma relatedmeanoftransportation opel vectra alfa romeo 164 relatedmeanoftransportation fiat croma alfa romeo 164 assembly milan alfa romeo 164 bodystyle sedan ( automobile )
general dynamics electric boat is the parent company of the general dynamics press . american submarine nr - 1 shipbeam 3 . 8 m american submarine nr - 1 builder general dynamics electric boat general dynamics electric boat is located in groton , connecticut .
stanislaw tillich is the leader of germany . neptun werft is located in rostock . rostock is located in germany . a - rosa luna builder neptun werft
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . english language is spoken in united states . atlas ii countryorigin united states african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
americans united states washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . atlas ii countryorigin united states african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
aaron bertram associatedband / associatedmusicalartist kids imagine nation aaron bertram associatedband / associatedmusicalartist suburban legends suburban legends bandmember brian robertson ( trombonist ) aaron bertram is in the genre of ska punk .
aaron deer background solo singer aaron deer is in the genre of psychedelia . aaron deer origin indianapolis aaron deer origin indiana
aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist isis ( band ) aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist sumac ( band ) aaron turner is in the genre of electroacoustic music . aaron turner instrument singing
aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist twilight ( band ) aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist old man gloom aaron turner is in the genre of post - metal . aaron turner activeyearsstartyear 1995
aaron turner is in the genre of black metal . aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist sumac ( band ) aaron turner instrument electric guitar black metal musicfusiongenre death metal
ace wilder background solo singer ace wilder birthyear 1982 ace wilder was born in stockholm . ace wilder was born on 1982 - 07 - 23 .
ace wilder background solo singer ace wilder birthyear 1982 ace wilder was born in sweden . ace wilder was born on 1982 - 07 - 23 .
ace wilder background solo singer ace wilder birthyear 1982 ace wilder was a test songwriter . ace wilder was born in stockholm .
ace wilder background solo singer ace wilder birthyear 1982 ace wilder was a test songwriter . ace wilder was born in sweden .
ahmet ertegun is in the genre of rhythm and blues . ahmet ertegun origin washington , d . c . ahmet ertegun background non performing personnel ahmet ertegun origin united states
ahmet ertegun is in the genre of rock and roll . ahmet ertegun origin united states rock and roll stylisticorigin blues african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
albennie jones activeyearsendyear 1950 albennie jones is in the genre of rhythm and blues . rhythm and blues stylisticorigin blues rhythm and blues derivative disco
albennie jones is in the genre of jazz . jazz stylisticorigin blues african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . albennie jones was born in united states .
aleksandra kovac birthyear 1972 aleksandra kovac is in the genre of pop music . aleksandra kovac was born in belgrade . aleksandra kovac background solo singer
aleksandra kovac is in the genre of rhythm and blues . aleksandra kovac background solo singer aleksandra kovac birthyear 1972 aleksandra kovac was born in socialist republic of serbia .
alex day associatedband / associatedmusicalartist chameleon circuit ( band ) alex day is in the genre of acoustic music . alex day associatedband / associatedmusicalartist charlie mcdonnell alex day activeyearsstartyear 2006
alex day associatedband / associatedmusicalartist chameleon circuit ( band ) alex day is in the genre of electronic music . alex day associatedband / associatedmusicalartist charlie mcdonnell alex day activeyearsstartyear 2006
alfred garth jones died in london . alfred garth jones was born in england . alfred garth jones was born in manchester . alfred garth jones birthyear 1872
alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo . montevideo is located in uruguay . uruguayans uruguay daniel martinez ( politician ) is the leader of montevideo .
alfredo zitarrosa recordlabel rca records alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay . alfredo zitarrosa is in the genre of candombe . alfredo zitarrosa background solo singer
alison o ' donnell associatedband / associatedmusicalartist bajik alison o ' donnell associatedband / associatedmusicalartist flibbertigibbet alison o ' donnell is in the genre of folk music . alison o ' donnell activeyearsstartyear 1963
alison o ' donnell associatedband / associatedmusicalartist mellow candle alison o ' donnell associatedband / associatedmusicalartist head south by weaving alison o ' donnell is in the genre of folk music . alison o ' donnell activeyearsstartyear 1963
alison o ' donnell is in the genre of jazz . alison o ' donnell recordlabel deram records deram records is located in london . alison o ' donnell recordlabel floating world records
alison o ' donnell is in the genre of jazz . alison o ' donnell recordlabel deram records deram records is located in london . alison o ' donnell recordlabel fruits de mer records
allen forrest birthyear 1981 allen forrest is in the genre of acoustic music . allen forrest was born in fort campbell . allen forrest background solo singer
allen forrest is in the genre of hip hop music . allen forrest birthyear 1981 allen forrest was born in fort campbell , ky , raised in dothan , al . allen forrest background solo singer
alternative rock musicfusiongenre nu metal alternative rock stylisticorigin punk rock andrew white ( musician ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist marry banilow andrew white ( musician ) is in the genre of alternative rock .
anders osborne associatedband / associatedmusicalartist billy iuso anders osborne associatedband / associatedmusicalartist tab benoit anders osborne is in the genre of rock music . anders osborne associatedband / associatedmusicalartist galactic
anders osborne recordlabel alligator records alligator records is in the genre of blues . alligator records is located in chicago . anders osborne recordlabel shanachie records
andra ( singer ) is in the genre of dance - pop . andra ( singer ) was a test singing . andra ( singer ) was born in romania . andra ( singer ) background solo singer
andra ( singer ) is in the genre of rhythm and blues . rhythm and blues derivative funk rhythm and blues stylisticorigin blues rhythm and blues derivative disco
andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist christian burns andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist jonathan mendelsohn andrew rayel is in the genre of trance music . andrew rayel activeyearsstartyear 2009
andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist jwaydan moyine trance music stylisticorigin house music andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist christian burns andrew rayel is in the genre of trance music .
andrew white ( musician ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist kaiser chiefs andrew white ( musician ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist marry banilow andrew white ( musician ) is in the genre of alternative rock . andrew white ( musician ) activeyearsstartyear 2003
andrew white ( musician ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist kaiser chiefs andrew white ( musician ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist marry banilow andrew white ( musician ) recordlabel universal records ( defunct record label ) andrew white ( musician ) activeyearsstartyear 2003
asuncion is part of gran asuncion . agustin barboza died in asuncion . juan afara is the leader of paraguay . agustin barboza died in paraguay .
country music instrument banjo al anderson ( nrbq band ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist nrbq al anderson ( nrbq band ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist the wildweeds al anderson ( nrbq band ) is in the genre of country music .
hip hop music stylisticorigin disco allen forrest is in the genre of hip hop music . hip hop music stylisticorigin funk hip hop music derivative drum and bass
manchester is part of greater manchester . alfred garth jones was born in england . alfred garth jones was born in manchester . labour party ( uk ) is the leader of manchester .
post - metal instrument cello aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist twilight ( band ) aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist house of low culture aaron turner is in the genre of post - metal .
twilight ( band ) is in the genre of black metal . aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist twilight ( band ) aaron turner instrument electric guitar black metal musicfusiongenre death metal
african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . albennie jones is in the genre of rhythm and blues . rhythm and blues stylisticorigin blues albennie jones was born in united states .
one of the noted aaron s . daggett air force battles was the american civil war of grenada . aaron s . daggett won the purple heart award . aaron s . daggett died in west roxbury . aaron s . daggett was born in maine .
one of the noted aaron s . daggett air force battles was the battle of the wilderness of grenada . aaron s . daggett won the purple heart award . aaron s . daggett died in west roxbury . aaron s . daggett was born in maine .
erasmus university rotterdam is ab klink almamater . erasmus university rotterdam is affiliated with association of mbas . ab klink office ( workedat , workedas ) ministry of health , welfare and sport ( netherlands ) ab klink was born in netherlands .
abdul taib mahmud party parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu abdul taib mahmud is from the asajaya region . abdul taib mahmud resides in the kuching states . abdul taib mahmud was born in miri , malaysia .
abdul taib mahmud resides in the sarawak states . abdul taib mahmud party parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu abdul taib mahmud is from the asajaya region . abdul taib mahmud was born in kingdom of sarawak .
abdul taib mahmud successor adenan satem adenan satem was born in japanese occupation of british borneo . abdul taib mahmud resides in the sarawak states . abdul taib mahmud party barisan ra ' ayat jati sarawak
abdul taib mahmud successor adenan satem adenan satem was born in japanese occupation of british borneo . abdul taib mahmud resides in the sarawak states . abdul taib mahmud party parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu
abdulsalami abubakar inofficewhilevicepresident mike akhigbe abdulsalami abubakar militarybranch nigerian army mike akhigbe predecessor oladipo diya mike akhigbe successor atiku abubakar
abdulsalami abubakar inofficewhilevicepresident mike akhigbe mike akhigbe predecessor oladipo diya abdulsalami abubakar successor al - amin daggash abdulsalami abubakar militarybranch nigerian air force
abel caballero inofficewhilemonarch juan carlos i of spain juan carlos i of spain predecessor francisco franco abel caballero inofficewhileprimeminister felipe gonzalez abel caballero was born in galicia ( spain ) .
abel caballero office ( workedat , workedas ) minister of transport abel caballero was born in galicia ( spain ) . abel caballero was born in spain . abel caballero party spanish socialist workers ' party
abraham a . ribicoff spouse casey ribicoff native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . abraham a . ribicoff was born in new britain , connecticut . abraham a . ribicoff is from the united states states .
one of the noted adam holloway air force battles was the gulf war of grenada . adam holloway was born in kent . adam holloway activeyearsstartdate 2005 - 05 - 05 magdalene college , cambridge is adam holloway almamater .
one of the noted adam koc air force battles was the polish - soviet war of grenada . polish language is spoken in poland . polish - soviet war 12 was commanded by joseph stalin . adam koc is from the poland states .
one of the noted adam koc air force battles was the polish - soviet war of grenada . polish - soviet war ispartofmilitaryconflict russian civil war adam koc died in new york city . polish - soviet war 12 was commanded by joseph stalin .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens . adonis georgiadis was born in greece . adonis georgiadis office ( workedat , workedas ) vice - president of new democracy adonis georgiadis successor makis voridis
adonis georgiadis was born in athens . adonis georgiadis was born in greece . adonis georgiadis office ( workedat , workedas ) ministry of economy , development and tourism ( greece ) adonis georgiadis successor makis voridis
adonis georgiadis office ( workedat , workedas ) member of the hellenic parliament adonis georgiadis was born in athens . adonis georgiadis was born in greece . adonis georgiadis successor makis voridis
agnes kant is from the netherlands states . the euro is the currency in netherlands . emile roemer party socialist party ( netherlands ) emile roemer is the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) .
agnes kant is from the netherlands states . mark rutte is the leader of netherlands . agnes kant office ( workedat , workedas ) house of representatives ( netherlands ) agnes kant party socialist party ( netherlands )
agnes kant is from the netherlands states . mark rutte is the leader of netherlands . emile roemer party socialist party ( netherlands ) emile roemer is the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) .
agnes kant is from the netherlands states . socialist party ( netherlands ) colour red emile roemer is the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) . agnes kant party socialist party ( netherlands )
one of the noted airey neave air force battles was the battle of france of grenada . airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london . airey neave activeyearsstartdate 1953 - 06 - 30 airey neave activeyearsenddate 1979 - 03 - 30
one of the noted airey neave air force battles was the battle of france of grenada . airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london . airey neave activeyearsstartdate 1974 - 03 - 04 airey neave activeyearsenddate 1979 - 03 - 30
airey neave unit royal artillery royal artillery garrison hohne one of the noted airey neave air force battles was the world war ii of grenada . world war ii 12 was commanded by chiang kai - shek .
albert b . white was born in cleveland . albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia . albert b . white successor william m . o . dawson william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland .
albert b . white successor william m . o . dawson albert b . white was born in cleveland . albert b . white activeyearsenddate 1905 - 03 - 04 albert b . white activeyearsstartdate 1901 - 03 - 04
albert jennings fountain was born in new york . french language is spoken in new york . american civil war 12 was commanded by abraham lincoln . one of the noted albert jennings fountain air force battles was the american civil war of grenada .
albert jennings fountain died in dona ana county , new mexico . albert jennings fountain was born in new york city . one of the noted albert jennings fountain air force battles was the american civil war of grenada . american civil war 12 was commanded by jefferson davis .
albert jennings fountain died in new mexico territory . albert jennings fountain died in united states . albert jennings fountain was born in new york . albert jennings fountain was born in staten island .
alberto teisaire died in buenos aires . horacio rodriguez larreta is the leader of buenos aires . alberto teisaire party justicialist party alberto teisaire inofficewhilepresident juan peron
alberto teisaire office ( workedat , workedas ) provisional president of the argentine senate alberto teisaire profession rear admiral alberto teisaire successor isaac rojas alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina .
alfred moore scales successor daniel gould fowle alfred moore scales office ( workedat , workedas ) governor of north carolina alfred moore scales party democratic party ( united states ) alfred moore scales was born in reidsville , north carolina .
alfred n . phillips militarybranch united states army one of the noted united states army air force battles was the whiskey rebellion of grenada . alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut . alfred n . phillips office ( workedat , workedas ) member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district
alfred n . phillips party democratic party ( united states ) alfred n . phillips successor albert e . austin alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut . alfred n . phillips office ( workedat , workedas ) member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district
alfred n . phillips party democratic party ( united states ) alfred n . phillips successor albert e . austin alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut . alfred n . phillips office ( workedat , workedas ) mayor of stamford , connecticut
allan shivers party democratic party ( united states ) allan shivers successor price daniel allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas . allan shivers office ( workedat , workedas ) governor of texas
allan shivers party democratic party ( united states ) allan shivers successor wilfred r . cousins , jr . allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas . allan shivers office ( workedat , workedas ) governor of texas
alvah sabin office ( workedat , workedas ) secretary of state of vermont alvah sabin is from the vermont ' s 3rd congressional district region . burlington , vermont is the largest city in vermont . alvah sabin is located in the state of vermont .
alvah sabin party whig party ( united states ) daniel webster is the leader of whig party ( united states ) . alvah sabin is from the vermont region . burlington , vermont is the largest city in vermont .
battle of gettysburg ispartofmilitaryconflict american civil war american civil war 12 was commanded by robert e . lee . one of the noted aaron s . daggett air force battles was the battle of gettysburg of grenada . aaron s . daggett won the purple heart award .
juan peron party labour party ( argentina ) alberto teisaire is from the argentina states . spanish language is spoken in argentina . alberto teisaire inofficewhilepresident juan peron
juan peron party labour party ( argentina ) alberto teisaire successor isaac rojas alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina . alberto teisaire inofficewhilepresident juan peron
