april o ' neil was created by kevin eastman .
bananaman broadcastedby bbc
the full name of ben urich is " benjamin urich " .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway .
the full name of bibbo bibbowski is " bo bibbowski " .
bill oddie was born in lancashire .
black pirate is also known as jon valor .
john buscema won the eisner award award .
karl kesel is from the americans states .
marv wolfman won the kirby award award .
peter laird is from the united states states .
scott adsit was born in northbrook , illinois .
april o ' neil was created by peter laird . peter laird is from the united states states .
bananaman broadcastedby bbc jill shilling starred in bananaman .
graeme garden starred in bananaman . bananaman broadcastedby stv
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman . tim brooke - taylor was born in derbyshire .
big hero 6 ( film ) 6 was baymax ' s first film appearance . alan tudyk starred in big hero 6 ( film ) .
big hero 6 ( film ) 6 was baymax ' s first film appearance . scott adsit starred in big hero 6 ( film ) .
baymax series big hero 6 ( film ) baymax was created by steven t . seagle .
ben urich was created by roger mckenzie ( comic book writer ) . the full name of ben urich is " benjamin urich " .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway . bibbo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman .
bibbo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman . the full name of bibbo bibbowski is " bo bibbowski " .
asterix ( comicscharacter ) was created by rene goscinny . rene goscinny is from the french people states . asterix ( comicscharacter ) was created by albert uderzo .
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman . bananaman broadcastedby bbc bananaman last aired on april 1986 - 04 - 15 .
big hero 6 ( film ) 6 was baymax ' s first film appearance . walt disney studios motion pictures the distributor of the film , big hero 6 ( film ) 6 . scott adsit starred in big hero 6 ( film ) .
walt disney studios motion pictures the distributor of the film , big hero 6 ( film ) 6 . baymax series big hero 6 ( film ) scott adsit starred in big hero 6 ( film ) .
ryan potter starred in big hero 6 ( film ) . walt disney studios motion pictures the distributor of the film , big hero 6 ( film ) 6 . baymax series big hero 6 ( film )
blockbuster ( comicscharacter ) was created by gardner fox . blockbuster ( comicscharacter ) is also known as mark desmond . blockbuster ( comicscharacter ) was created by carmine infantino .
bolt ( comicscharacter ) is also known as larry bolatinsky . bolt ( comicscharacter ) was created by dan mishkin . bolt ( comicscharacter ) was created by gary cohn ( comics ) .
bolt ( comicscharacter ) was created by ernie colon . bolt ( comicscharacter ) is also known as larry bolatinsky . bolt ( comicscharacter ) was created by gary cohn ( comics ) .
rona rona fairhead is the key person for bbc . bananaman broadcastedby bbc one of the products of bcc is bbc bbc radio . bbc is located in broadcasting house .
jill shilling starred in bananaman . bananaman was created by steve bright . bananaman firstaired 1983 - 10 - 03 bananaman broadcastedby stv
ryan potter starred in big hero 6 ( film ) . duncan rouleau is from the americans states . baymax was created by duncan rouleau . baymax series big hero 6 ( film )
bolt ( comicscharacter ) was created by gary cohn ( comics ) . ernie colon is from the puerto ricans states . bolt ( comicscharacter ) was created by ernie colon . bolt ( comicscharacter ) is also known as larry bolatinsky .
duncan rouleau is from the americans states . baymax was created by duncan rouleau . alan tudyk starred in big hero 6 ( film ) . baymax was created by steven t . seagle . baymax series big hero 6 ( film )
