11 diagonal street is located in south africa .
the architecture style of 250 delaware avenue falls under brutalist postmodern architecture .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago .
the architect of 320 south boston building is george winkler .
1910 was the start date for the building at 320 south boston building .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen numberofrooms 814
the architect of adare manor is james pain and george richard pain , .
adisham hall is located in haputale .
akita museum of art is located in japan .
alan b . miller hall is owned by college of william & mary .
amdavad ni gufa is located on lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
the architect of asilomar conference grounds is julia morgan .
asilomar conference grounds architecture arts and crafts movement and american craftsman bungalows
asilomar conference grounds was built in 1913 .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city .
buffalo , new york is part of erie county , new york .
byron brown is the leader of buffalo , new york .
county limerick is part of munster .
criona ni dhalaigh is the leader of dublin .
mulatu teshome is the leader of ethiopia .
indian people india
one of the significant buildings designed by julia morgan is the los angeles herald - examiner .
live nation entertainment is located in beverly hills , california .
manhattan is part of new york .
new york city is part of new netherland .
pacific grove , california is part of california .
white south african are an ethnic group in the united south africa .
elizabeth ii is the leader of united kingdom .
there are 50 floors at 108 st georges terrace . 108 st georges terrace was completed in 1988 .
there are 45 floors at 200 public square . 200 public square is located in united states .
there are 34 floors at 20 fenchurch street . 20 fenchurch street has a floor area of 62145 . 3 ( square metres ) .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago . there are 60 floors at 300 north lasalle .
the architect of 320 south boston building is george winkler . george winkler is located in united states .
3arena is located in east link bridge . the architect of 3arena is hok sve .
3arena is located in dublin . the architect of 3arena is populous ( company ) .
marriott marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen . ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in copenhagen .
the architect of adare manor is george richard pain . adare manor was completed in 1862 .
adare manor is located in adare . adare manor is located in county limerick .
addis ababa city hall is located in ethiopia . addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the architecture style of adisham hall falls under brutalist tudor revival architecture .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka . the architecture style of adisham hall falls under brutalist tudor revival architecture .
akita museum of art is located in japan . brazilians in japan are an ethnic group in the united japan .
there are 3 floors at akita museum of art . akita museum of art is located on 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat . amdavad ni gufa is located on lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
ampara hospital is located in the state of eastern province , sri lanka . austin fernando is the leader of eastern province , sri lanka .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city . new york city is located in united states .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city . new york city is part of brooklyn .
county limerick is part of munster . adare manor is located in county limerick .
dublin is part of republic of ireland . 3arena is located in dublin .
103 colmore row is located in colmore row . the architect of 103 colmore row is john madin . john madin was born in birmingham .
200 public square is located in cleveland . cleveland is part of cuyahoga county , ohio . frank g . jackson is the leader of cleveland .
250 delaware avenue is located in united states . 250 delaware avenue has a floor area of 30843 . 8 ( square metres ) . there are 12 floors at 250 delaware avenue .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago . rahm emanuel is the leader of chicago . chicago is part of dupage county , illinois .
the architect of 320 south boston building is george winkler . george winkler is located in united states . there are 22 floors at 320 south boston building .
3arena is located in north wall quay . the architect of 3arena is hok sve . 3arena was completed in december 2008 .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in denmark . marriott marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen . there are 23 floors at ac hotel bella sky copenhagen .
marriott marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen . the architect of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is 3xn . there are 23 floors at ac hotel bella sky copenhagen .
the architect of adare manor is augustus pugin . one of the significant buildings designed by augustus pugin is the palace of westminster . augustus pugin was born in bloomsbury .
the architect of adare manor is philip charles hardwick . adare manor was completed in 1862 . adare manor is owned by j . p . mcmanus .
the architecture style of adisham hall falls under brutalist tudor and jacabian . adisham hall was completed in 1931 . adisham hall is located in haputale .
the architecture style of adisham hall falls under brutalist tudor and jacabian . adisham hall is located in sri lanka . adisham hall was completed in 1931 .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka . adisham hall is located in haputale . ranil wickremesinghe is the leader of sri lanka .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka . sri jayawardenepura kotte is the capital of sri lanka . the sri lankan rupee is the currency in sri lanka .
30 march 2007 was the start date for the building at alan b . miller hall . mason school of business is located in united states . the mason school of business is the current tenant of alan b . miller hall .
the architect of asilomar conference grounds is julia morgan . julia morgan was born in san francisco . one of the significant buildings designed by julia morgan is the riverside art museum .
the architect of asilomar conference grounds is julia morgan . one of the significant buildings designed by julia morgan is the chinatown , san francisco . julia morgan was born in california .
asilomar conference grounds is located in asilomar blvd . , pacific grove , california . asilomar conference grounds were added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 - 02 - 27 . asilomar conference grounds has the reference number 87000823 in the national register of historic places .
asser levy public baths is located in avenue a ( manhattan ) . asser levy public baths was built in 1904 . asser levy public baths were added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1980 - 04 - 23 .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city . asser levy public baths was built in 1904 . asser levy public baths were added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1980 - 04 - 23 .
conservative party ( uk ) is the leader of birmingham . the architect of 103 colmore row is john madin . birmingham is the home town of john madin .
liberal democrats is the leader of birmingham . the architect of 103 colmore row is john madin . john madin was born in birmingham .
hailemariam desalegn is the leader of ethiopia . addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa . addis ababa is located in ethiopia .
anandiben patel is the leader of gujarat . amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad . amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat .
marriott international is located in bethesda , maryland . marriott marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen . rona bill marriott is the key person for marriott international .
103 colmore row is located in birmingham . 103 colmore row was completed in 1976 . 1973 was the start date for the building at 103 colmore row . there are 23 floors at 103 colmore row .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa . asian south africans are an ethnic group in the united south africa . cape town is the capital of south africa . coloured are an ethnic group in the united south africa .
200 public square is located in cleveland . cleveland is part of cuyahoga county , ohio . cleveland is located in united states . cleveland ' s governing body is cleveland city council .
250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo , new york . 250 delaware avenue 110 million ( dollars ) . 250 delaware avenue has a floor area of 30843 . 8 ( square metres ) . there are 12 floors at 250 delaware avenue .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago . rahm emanuel is the leader of chicago . chicago is part of cook county , illinois . chicago is located in united states .
300 north lasalle is located in illinois . 300 north lasalle has a floor area of 120770 . 0 ( square metres ) . 300 north lasalle was completed in 2009 . there are 60 floors at 300 north lasalle .
3arena is owned by live nation entertainment . dublin is part of republic of ireland . 3arena is located in dublin . dublin is part of leinster .
marriott marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen . ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in copenhagen . the architect of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is 3xn . there are 23 floors at ac hotel bella sky copenhagen .
adare manor is located in adare . county limerick is part of munster . adare manor is located in county limerick . county limerick is governed by the limerick limerick city and county council council .
akita museum of art is located in japan . akita museum of art is located in akita , akita . akita , akita is part of akita prefecture . brazilians in japan are an ethnic group in the united japan .
akita museum of art is located in japan . akita museum of art is located in akita , akita . akita , akita is part of akita prefecture . filipinos in japan are an ethnic group in the united japan .
akita museum of art is located in japan . akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture . vietnamese people in japan are an ethnic group in the united japan . akita museum of art is located in akita , akita .
akita museum of art is located in japan . brazilians in japan are an ethnic group in the united japan . akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture . akita museum of art is located in akita , akita .
alan b . miller hall is owned by college of william & mary . alan b . miller hall was completed in 1 june 2009 . alan b . miller hall is located on 101 ukrop way . alan b . miller hall is located in williamsburg , virginia .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat . amdavad ni gufa is located in india . narendra modi is the leader of india . sumitra mahajan is the leader of india .
asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove , california . asilomar conference grounds were added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 - 02 - 27 . asilomar conference grounds has the reference number 87000823 in the national register of historic places . asilomar conference grounds was built in 1913 .
asser levy public baths is located in avenue a ( manhattan ) . asser levy public baths has the reference number 80002709 in the national register of historic places . asser levy public baths was built in 1904 . asser levy public baths were added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1980 - 04 - 23 .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city . cyrus vance , jr . is the leader of manhattan . new york city is part of manhattan . new york city is part of brooklyn .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city . new york city is located in united states . gale brewer is the leader of manhattan . new york city is part of manhattan .
antioch , birmingham has postal codes b postcode area . the architect of 103 colmore row is john madin . john madin was born in birmingham . andrew mitchell is the leader of birmingham .
antioch , birmingham has postal codes b postcode area . the architect of 103 colmore row is john madin . john madin was born in birmingham . labour party ( uk ) is the leader of birmingham .
anandiben patel is the leader of gujarat . amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat . amdavad ni gufa is located in india . sumitra mahajan is the leader of india .
t . s . thakur is the leader of india . amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat . amdavad ni gufa is located in india . narendra modi is the leader of india .
brazilians in japan are an ethnic group in the united japan . akita prefecture is located in japan . akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture . akita museum of art is located in akita , akita .
the london , is led by the provincial parliament of the united kingdom . 20 fenchurch street is located in united kingdom . london is the capital of united kingdom . elizabeth ii is the leader of united kingdom .
english language is spoken in united states . the united states , is led by the provincial president of the united states . joe biden is the leader of united states . 250 delaware avenue is located in united states .
200 public square is located in cleveland . 200 public square was completed in 1985 . cleveland is part of cuyahoga county , ohio . cleveland is part of ohio . cleveland is located in united states .
250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo , new york . the architecture style of 250 delaware avenue falls under brutalist postmodern architecture . january , 2014 was the start date for the building at 250 delaware avenue . 250 delaware avenue has a floor area of 30843 . 8 ( square metres ) . there are 12 floors at 250 delaware avenue .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago . rahm emanuel is the leader of chicago . chicago is located in united states . springfield , illinois is the capital of illinois . chicago is part of illinois .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in denmark . faroese language is spoken in denmark . margrethe ii of denmark is the leader of denmark . marriott marriott international was founded in washington , d . c . marriott marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in denmark . marriott marriott international was founded in washington , d . c . marriott marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen . rona bill marriott is the key person for marriott international . greenlandic language is spoken in denmark .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in denmark . marriott marriott international was founded in washington , d . c . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark . marriott marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen . greenlandic language is spoken in denmark .
adare manor is located in republic of ireland . the architect of adare manor is augustus pugin . one of the significant buildings designed by augustus pugin is the palace of westminster . augustus pugin was born in bloomsbury . enda kenny is the leader of republic of ireland .
addis ababa city hall was completed in 1964 . the government of addis ababa is the current tenant of addis ababa city hall . 1961 was the start date for the building at addis ababa city hall . addis ababa city hall has a floor area of 140000 . 0 ( square metres ) . the height of addis ababa city hall is 42 m .
akita museum of art is located in japan . there are 3 floors at akita museum of art . akita museum of art is located in akita , akita . akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture . akita museum of art is located on 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori .
akita museum of art is located in japan . akita museum of art is located in akita , akita . akita , akita is part of akita prefecture . taro aso is the leader of japan . chinese people in japan are an ethnic group in the united japan .
alan b . miller hall is located in virginia . the architect of alan b . miller hall is robert a . m . stern . alan b . miller hall is owned by college of william & mary . mason school of business is located in united states . the mason school of business is the current tenant of alan b . miller hall .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad . ahmedabad is located in india . amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat . sumitra mahajan is the leader of india . the gujarat , is led by the provincial gujarat legislative assembly .
ampara hospital is located in sri lanka . ranil wickremesinghe is the leader of sri lanka . ampara hospital is located in the state of eastern province , sri lanka . ampara hospital is from the ampara district region . austin fernando is the leader of eastern province , sri lanka .
ampara hospital is located in sri lanka . ranil wickremesinghe is the leader of sri lanka . ampara hospital is located in the state of eastern province , sri lanka . eastern province , sri lanka ' s governing body is eastern provincial council . sri jayawardenepura kotte is the capital of sri lanka .
the architect of asilomar conference grounds is julia morgan . julia morgan was born in san francisco . one of the significant buildings designed by julia morgan is the los angeles herald - examiner . hearst castle castle was a significant project of julia morgan . one of the significant buildings designed by julia morgan is the asilomar state beach .
the architect of asilomar conference grounds is julia morgan . julia morgan was born in san francisco . one of the significant buildings designed by julia morgan is the riverside art museum . hearst castle castle was a significant project of julia morgan . one of the significant buildings designed by julia morgan is the asilomar state beach .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city . new york city is located in united states . cyrus vance , jr . is the leader of manhattan . new york city is part of manhattan . new york city is part of new netherland .
antioch , birmingham has postal codes b postcode area . the architect of 103 colmore row is john madin . john madin was born in birmingham . john clancy ( labour politician ) is the leader of birmingham . birmingham ' s governing body is birmingham city council .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . the united states , is led by the provincial president of the united states . john roberts is the leader of united states . 250 delaware avenue is located in united states . barack obama is the leader of united states .
