the area code of albany , georgia , indiana is 229 . (id1)
albany , oregon is part of united states . (id2)
the albuquerque , new mexico , is led by the provincial mayor . (id3)
the albuquerque , new mexico , is led by the provincial new mexico house of representatives . (id4)
the albuquerque , new mexico , is led by the provincial new mexico senate . (id5)
amarillo , texas , texas has a total area of 233 . 9 ( square kilometres ) . (id6)
amarillo , texas is part of randall county , texas . (id7)
anderson , indiana is part of richland township , madison county , indiana . (id8)
angola , indiana , indiana is located at 324 . 0 above sea level . (id9)
the area code of antioch , california , indiana is 925 . (id10)
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california . (id11)
arlington , texas , texas has a population density of 1472 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . (id12)
the leader of atlanta is kasim reed . (id13)
atlantic city , new jersey , texas has a total area of 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) . (id14)
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey . (id15)
attica , indiana , indiana is located at 166 . 0 above sea level . (id16)
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama . (id17)
auburn , washington , texas has a total area of 77 . 41 ( square kilometres ) . (id18)
austin , texas is part of texas . (id19)
spanish language is spoken in california . (id20)
dunwoody , georgia is the largest city in dekalb county , georgia . (id21)
fulton county , georgia is located in united states . (id22)
anderson , indiana is the county seat madison county , indiana , in indiana . (id23)
michigan is located in united states . (id24)
detroit is the largest city in michigan . (id25)
orange county , california is located in united states . (id26)
portland , oregon is the largest city in oregon . (id27)
fort worth , texas is the largest city in tarrant county , texas . (id28)
the leader of united states is barack obama . (id29)
united states house of representatives is located in united states capitol . (id30)
akron , ohio is located in united states . african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . (id31)
albany , oregon is part of oregon . salem , oregon is the capital of oregon . (id32)
the albuquerque , new mexico , is led by the provincial united states house of representatives . albuquerque , new mexico is located in united states . (id33)
amarillo , texas is part of texas . amarillo , texas is located in united states . (id34)
anaheim , california is part of california . the anaheim , california , is led by the provincial united states house of representatives . (id35)
anaheim , california is part of orange county , california . orange county , california is located in united states . (id36)
anderson , indiana is part of adams township , madison county , indiana . adams township , madison county , indiana is located in united states . (id37)
antioch , california , indiana is located at 13 . 0 above sea level . antioch , california , texas has a total area of 75 . 324 ( square kilometres ) . (id38)
arlington , texas , indiana is located at 184 . 0 above sea level . arlington , texas , texas has a total area of 258 . 2 ( square kilometres ) . (id39)
arlington , texas is part of texas . texas is located in united states . (id40)
atlanta is located in united states . atlanta is part of georgia . (id41)
atlantic city , new jersey is located in united states . atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey . (id42)
atlantic city , new jersey is located in united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . (id43)
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey . atlantic county , new jersey is located in united states . (id44)
atlantic city , new jersey , texas has a population density of 1421 . 2 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . atlantic city , new jersey , texas has a total area of 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) . (id45)
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington . pierce county , washington is located in united states . (id46)
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . albany , oregon is part of united states . (id47)
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . amarillo , texas is located in united states . (id48)
african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . albuquerque , new mexico is located in united states . (id49)
native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . albany , georgia is part of united states . (id50)
native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . auburn , alabama is located in united states . (id51)
english language is spoken in united states . akron , ohio is located in united states . (id52)
the united states , is led by the provincial president of the united states . albuquerque , new mexico is located in united states . (id53)
albany , georgia is part of dougherty county , georgia . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . albany , georgia is located in united states . (id54)
albuquerque , new mexico , texas has a population density of 1142 . 3 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . the albuquerque , new mexico , is led by the provincial new mexico senate . albuquerque , new mexico , texas has a total area of 490 . 9 ( square kilometres ) . (id55)
alpharetta , georgia is located in united states . african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia . (id56)
alpharetta , georgia is located in united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . alpharetta , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) . (id57)
alpharetta , georgia is located in united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . (id58)
anaheim , anaheim , california has a utc offset of - 7 . the area code of anaheim , california , indiana is 657 , 714 . anaheim , california , texas has a total area of 131 . 6 ( square kilometres ) . (id59)
anaheim , california is part of california . the anaheim , california , is led by the provincial california state senate . california state senate is located in california state capitol . (id60)
anderson , indiana is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana . lafayette township , madison county , indiana is located in united states . anderson , indiana is part of indiana . (id61)
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana . angola , indiana is located in united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . (id62)
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california . contra costa county , california is part of san francisco bay area . the antioch , california , is led by the provincial united states house of representatives . (id63)
arlington , texas is part of tarrant county , texas . fort worth , texas is the county seat tarrant county , texas , in indiana . tarrant county , texas is located in united states . (id64)
atlanta is located in united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . (id65)
atlanta , texas has a population density of 1299 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . the area code of atlanta , indiana is 404 . atlanta , texas has a total area of 347 . 1 ( square kilometres ) . (id66)
atlantic city , new jersey is located in united states . newark , new jersey is the largest city in new jersey . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey . (id67)
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey . atlantic county , new jersey is located in united states . new york city is the largest city in united states . (id68)
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama . alabama is located in united states . auburn , alabama is part of alabama . (id69)
auburn , washington is part of washington ( state ) . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . washington ( state ) is located in united states . (id70)
auburn , washington is part of washington ( state ) . olympia , washington is the capital of washington ( state ) . washington ( state ) is located in united states . (id71)
atlanta is the capital of georgia ( u . s . state ) . albany , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) . albany , georgia is part of dougherty county , georgia . (id72)
madison county , indiana is located in united states . alexandria , indiana is part of madison county , indiana . anderson , indiana is the largest city in madison county , indiana . (id73)
trenton , new jersey is the capital of new jersey . new jersey is located in united states . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey . (id74)
english language is spoken in texas . arlington , texas is part of texas . houston is the largest city in texas . (id75)
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . attica , indiana is located in united states . attica , indiana is part of fountain county , indiana . (id76)
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . fountain county , indiana is located in united states . attica , indiana is part of fountain county , indiana . (id77)
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . english language is spoken in united states . akron , ohio is located in united states . (id78)
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . akron , ohio is located in united states . akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio . (id79)
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon . albany , oregon is located in united states . (id80)
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . the leader of united states is barack obama . albuquerque , new mexico is located in united states . (id81)
english language is spoken in united states . albany , georgia is located in united states . african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . (id82)
english language is spoken in united states . angola , indiana is located in united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . (id83)
albany , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) . english language is spoken in united states . albany , georgia is located in united states . native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . (id84)
the area code of albuquerque , new mexico , indiana is 505 , 575 . the land area , of albuquerque , new mexico ( new mexico ) , is 486 . 2 ( square kilometres ) . albuquerque , new mexico , texas has a total area of 490 . 9 ( square kilometres ) . albuquerque , new mexico , texas has a population density of 1142 . 3 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . (id85)
alpharetta , georgia is located in united states . alpharetta , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) . alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia . atlanta is the county seat fulton county , georgia , in indiana . (id86)
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas . potter county , texas is located in united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . (id87)
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas . potter county , texas is located in the state of texas . amarillo , texas is located in united states . austin , texas is the capital of texas . (id88)
the anaheim , california , is led by the provincial california state assembly . anaheim , california is part of california . california state assembly is located in california state capitol . spanish language is spoken in california . (id89)
anderson , indiana , texas has a population density of 523 . 9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . anderson , indiana , texas has a total area of 107 . 43 ( square kilometres ) . anderson , indiana , indiana is located at 268 . 0 above sea level . anderson , indiana is part of adams , fall creek , lafayette , richland , union . (id90)
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana . angola , indiana is located in united states . angola , indiana is part of indiana . angola , indiana , texas has a total area of 16 . 55 ( square kilometres ) . (id91)
anaheim , antioch , california has a utc offset of - 7 . antioch , california , ca has 102372 people inhabiting it . the area code of antioch , california , indiana is 925 . antioch , california , texas has a total area of 75 . 324 ( square kilometres ) . (id92)
atlantic city , new jersey , texas has a population density of 1421 . 2 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . the area code of atlantic city , new jersey , indiana is 609 . the atlantic city , new jersey , is led by the provincial mayors of atlantic city , new jersey . atlantic city , new jersey , texas has a total area of 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) . (id93)
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama . auburn , alabama is located in united states . lee county , alabama is located in the state of alabama . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . (id94)
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama . lee county , alabama is located in united states . lee county , alabama is located in the state of alabama . african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . (id95)
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . pierce county , washington is located in united states . auburn , washington is part of king county , washington . (id96)
auburn , washington is part of washington ( state ) . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . auburn , washington is located in united states . auburn , washington is part of king county , washington . (id97)
austin , texas is part of texas . houston is the largest city in texas . san marcos , texas is the county seat hays county , texas , in indiana . austin , texas is part of hays county , texas . (id98)
chinese language is spoken in california . the anaheim , california , is led by the provincial california state assembly . anaheim , california is part of california . california state assembly is located in california state capitol . (id99)
georgia ( u . s . state ) is located in united states . alpharetta , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) . alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia . atlanta is the county seat fulton county , georgia , in indiana . (id100)
indianapolis is the capital of indiana . anderson , indiana is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana . lafayette township , madison county , indiana is located in united states . anderson , indiana is part of indiana . (id101)
english language is spoken in texas . arlington , texas is part of texas . texas is located in united states . houston is the largest city in texas . (id102)
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon . albany , oregon is located in united states . african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . (id103)
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . new jersey is located in united states . new york city is the largest city in united states . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey . (id104)
african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . the united states , is led by the provincial president of the united states . the leader of united states is barack obama . albuquerque , new mexico is located in united states . (id105)
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . the albuquerque , new mexico , is led by the provincial new mexico senate . the leader of new mexico senate is john sanchez . albuquerque , new mexico is located in united states . (id106)
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon . albany , oregon is located in united states . (id107)
native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . the leader of united states is barack obama . the albuquerque , new mexico , is led by the provincial mayor of albuquerque . albuquerque , new mexico is located in united states . (id108)
english language is spoken in united states . albany , georgia is located in united states . native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . albany , georgia is part of united states . (id109)
english language is spoken in united states . angola , indiana is part of indiana . angola , indiana is located in united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . (id110)
english language is spoken in united states . angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana . angola , indiana is located in united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . (id111)
albany , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) . the united states , is led by the provincial president of the united states . americans united states asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . albany , georgia is located in united states . (id112)
alpharetta , georgia is located in united states . native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . atlanta is the largest city in fulton county , georgia . alpharetta , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) . alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia . (id113)
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas . potter county , texas is located in the state of texas . texas is located in united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . english language is spoken in united states . (id114)
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas . english language is spoken in texas . potter county , texas is located in the state of texas . amarillo , texas is located in united states . austin , texas is the capital of texas . (id115)
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas . english language is spoken in texas . potter county , texas is located in the state of texas . potter county , texas is located in united states . austin , texas is the capital of texas . (id116)
anderson , indiana is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana . fall creek township , madison county , indiana is located in united states . anderson , indiana is part of anderson township , madison county , indiana . anderson , indiana , texas has a population density of 523 . 9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . anderson , indiana , texas has a total area of 107 . 43 ( square kilometres ) . (id117)
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california . antioch , california is part of california . english language is spoken in california . contra costa county , california is part of san francisco bay area . the antioch , california , is led by the provincial california ' s 11th state assembly district . (id118)
the land area , of atlanta ( new mexico ) , is 344 . 9 ( square kilometres ) . atlanta , texas has a population density of 1299 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . the area code of atlanta , indiana is 404 . atlanta is part of dekalb county , georgia . atlanta , texas has a total area of 347 . 1 ( square kilometres ) . (id119)
attica , indiana is part of united states . attica , indiana , texas has a total area of 4 . 14 ( square kilometres ) . attica , indiana , indiana is located at 166 . 0 above sea level . attica , indiana is part of logan township , fountain county , indiana . attica , indiana , texas has a population density of 783 . 1 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . (id120)
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama . alabama is located in united states . lee county , alabama is located in the state of alabama . african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . (id121)
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington . auburn , washington is located in united states . auburn , washington is part of king county , washington . auburn , washington , texas has a population density of 914 . 8 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . auburn , washington , texas has a total area of 77 . 41 ( square kilometres ) . (id122)
austin , texas is part of texas . english language is spoken in texas . austin , texas is part of williamson county , texas . round rock , texas is the largest city in williamson county , texas . georgetown , texas is the county seat williamson county , texas , in indiana . (id123)
austin , texas is part of texas . houston is the largest city in texas . san marcos , texas is the county seat hays county , texas , in indiana . austin , texas is part of hays county , texas . english language is spoken in texas . (id124)
austin , texas is part of texas . houston is the largest city in texas . spanish language is spoken in texas . san marcos , texas is the county seat hays county , texas , in indiana . austin , texas is part of hays county , texas . (id125)
indianapolis is the capital of indiana . alexandria , indiana is part of indiana . indiana is located in united states . english americans is spoken in indiana . alexandria , indiana is part of madison county , indiana . (id126)
fort worth , texas is the county seat tarrant county , texas , in indiana . spanish language is spoken in texas . arlington , texas is part of tarrant county , texas . arlington , texas is part of texas . houston is the largest city in texas . (id127)
fort worth , texas is the largest city in tarrant county , texas . austin , texas is the capital of texas . arlington , texas is part of tarrant county , texas . arlington , texas is part of texas . texas is located in united states . (id128)
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . white americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . new jersey is located in united states . new york city is the largest city in united states . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey . (id129)
americans united states washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . albany , oregon is located in united states . native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . albany , oregon is part of linn county , oregon . (id130)
americans united states asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . albany , oregon is part of oregon . albany , oregon is located in united states . (id131)
african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . english language is spoken in united states . angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana . americans united states angola , indiana is located in united states . (id132)
native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama . lee county , alabama is located in united states . lee county , alabama is located in the state of alabama . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . (id133)
native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama . opelika , alabama is the county seat lee county , alabama , in indiana . lee county , alabama is located in united states . auburn , alabama is part of alabama . (id134)
native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . newark , new jersey is the largest city in new jersey . trenton , new jersey is the capital of new jersey . new jersey is located in united states . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey . (id135)
english language is spoken in united states . albuquerque , new mexico is part of new mexico . the united states , is led by the provincial president of the united states . the leader of united states is barack obama . albuquerque , new mexico is located in united states . (id136)
english language is spoken in united states . angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana . americans united states angola , indiana is located in united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . (id137)
the leader of united states is barack obama . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . akron , ohio is located in united states . akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio . (id138)
the united states , is led by the provincial president of the united states . americans united states albany , georgia is located in united states . albany , georgia is part of united states . african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . (id139)
