pecorino romano is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce . (id1)
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce . (id2)
white rice is an ingredient in arros negre . (id3)
arros negre is from the catalonia region . (id4)
arros negre is from the valencian community region . (id5)
ayam penyet is from the singapore region . (id6)
tomato is an ingredient in blt . (id7)
baked alaska is from the hong kong region . (id8)
bakewell pudding served warm or cold (id9)
bandeja paisa is located in colombian cuisine . (id10)
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa . (id11)
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region region . (id12)
barny cakes servingsize 30 . 0 g (id13)
batagor is a variation of shumai . (id14)
the main ingredients of batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce . (id15)
shrimp is an ingredient in batchoy . (id16)
beef kway teow is from the indonesia region . (id17)
bhajji is also known as bhaji , bajji . (id18)
taro is an ingredient in binignit . (id19)
bionico is a variation of cottage cheese . (id20)
bionico is from the jalisco region . (id21)
chicken class is bird . (id22)
the indian rupee is the currency in india . (id23)
sumitra mahajan is the leader of india . (id24)
indonesian language is spoken in indonesia . (id25)
aristoteles sandoval is the leader of jalisco . (id26)
banyumasan people are an ethnic group in the united java . (id27)
malaysian malay are an ethnic group in the united malaysia . (id28)
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico . (id29)
spanish language is spoken in new york . (id30)
shumai is located in china . (id31)
peanut sauce is an ingredient in siomay . (id32)
malays ( ethnic group ) are an ethnic group in the united sumatra . (id33)
david cameron is the leader of united kingdom . (id34)
amatriciana sauce is located in italy . tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce . (id35)
arem - arem is located in indonesia . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia . (id36)
arrabbiata sauce is located in italy . italian language is spoken in italy . (id37)
arrabbiata sauce is located in italy . sergio mattarella is the leader of italy . (id38)
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce . arrabbiata sauce is located in italy . (id39)
arros negre is from the valencian community region . arros negre is located in spain . (id40)
asam pedas is located in indonesia . the main ingredients of asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce . (id41)
ayam penyet is from the malaysia region . ayam penyet is located in indonesia . (id42)
blt is a variation of club sandwich . bacon sandwich is a variation of blt . (id43)
sausage is an ingredient in bacon explosion . the main ingredients of bacon explosion are bacon . (id44)
bacon sandwich is also known as bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin . bacon is an ingredient in bacon sandwich . (id45)
bacon sandwich is a variation of blt . bread is an ingredient in bacon sandwich . (id46)
baked alaska is located in france . sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska . (id47)
baked alaska is located in france . manuel valls is the leader of france . (id48)
baked alaska is located in united states . meringue is an ingredient in baked alaska . (id49)
bakewell pudding is a variation of bakewell tart . fruit preserves is an ingredient in bakewell tart . (id50)
bakso is located in indonesia . vermicelli is an ingredient in bakso . (id51)
celery is an ingredient in bakso . celery is part of the apiaceae family . (id52)
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa . bandeja paisa is located in colombian cuisine . (id53)
barny cakes is located in france . claude bartolone is the leader of france . (id54)
batagor is located in indonesia . peanut sauce is an ingredient in batagor . (id55)
peanut sauce is an ingredient in batagor . batagor is a variation of siomay . (id56)
beef kway teow is located in singapore . palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow . (id57)
beef kway teow is located in singapore . halimah yacob is the leader of singapore . (id58)
the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil . beef kway teow is located in singapore and indonesia . (id59)
bhajji is located in india . indian people india (id60)
bhajji is located in india . t . s . thakur is the leader of india . (id61)
binignit is located in philippines . igorot people are an ethnic group in the united philippines . (id62)
the main ingredients of binignit are banana . binignit is located in philippines . (id63)
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato . banana is an ingredient in binignit . (id64)
bionico is located in mexico . enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico . (id65)
bionico is from the guadalajara region . granola is an ingredient in bionico . (id66)
dessert is a variation of cake . bionico is a dessert . (id67)
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia . bakso is located in indonesia . (id68)
shiitake is an ingredient in shumai . batagor is a variation of shumai . (id69)
amatriciana sauce is from the lazio region . amatriciana sauce is located in italy . guanciale is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce . (id70)
banana leaf is an ingredient in arem - arem . arem - arem is from the javanese cuisine region . the main ingredients of arem - arem are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings . (id71)
tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce . tomato belongs to the division of flowering plant . tomato is part of the solanaceae family . (id72)
arrabbiata sauce is from the rome region . arrabbiata sauce is located in italy . olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce . (id73)
arrabbiata sauce is from the rome region . tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce . arrabbiata sauce is located in italy . (id74)
asam pedas is located in malaysia . the main ingredients of asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce . asam pedas is from the malay peninsula region . (id75)
asam pedas is located in malaysia . kuala lumpur is the capital of malaysia . arifin zakaria is the leader of malaysia . (id76)
ayam penyet is from the malaysia region . malaysian chinese are an ethnic group in the united malaysia . ayam penyet is located in indonesia . (id77)
lettuce is an ingredient in blt . blt is a variation of club sandwich . bacon sandwich is a variation of blt . (id78)
bacon explosion is located in united states . barack obama is the leader of united states . white americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . (id79)
bacon explosion is located in united states . john roberts is the leader of united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . (id80)
bacon sandwich is a variation of blt . blt is a variation of club sandwich . bread is an ingredient in bacon sandwich . (id81)
baked alaska is located in france . baked alaska is from the new york region . sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska . (id82)
baked alaska is located in france . manuel valls is the leader of france . the euro is the currency in france . (id83)
baked alaska is located in united states . baked alaska is from the new york region . christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska . (id84)
baked alaska is a dessert . dessert is a variation of cookie . sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska . (id85)
bakewell pudding is from the derbyshire dales region . bakewell pudding is a dessert . the main ingredients of bakewell pudding are ground almond , jam , butter , eggs . (id86)
bakewell pudding is from the derbyshire dales region . bakewell pudding is a variation of bakewell tart . the main ingredients of bakewell pudding are ground almond , jam , butter , eggs . (id87)
bakso is from the indonesia region . bakso is located in indonesia . beef is an ingredient in bakso . (id88)
avocado is an ingredient in bandeja paisa . bandeja paisa is located in colombian cuisine . bandeja paisa is from the paisa region region . (id89)
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region region . bandeja paisa is located in colombian cuisine . hogao is an ingredient in bandeja paisa . (id90)
barny cakes is located in france . claude bartolone is the leader of france . manuel valls is the leader of france . (id91)
batchoy is located in philippines . the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef . noodle is an ingredient in batchoy . (id92)
batchoy is located in philippines . the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef . vegetable is an ingredient in batchoy . (id93)
beef kway teow is located in singapore . beef kway teow is from the nationwide in singapore and indonesia region . tony tan is the leader of singapore . (id94)
beef kway teow is from the singapore region . beef kway teow is located in indonesia . sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow . (id95)
beef kway teow is from the singapore region . oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow . beef kway teow is located in singapore and indonesia . (id96)
bhajji is located in india . the indian rupee is the currency in india . sumitra mahajan is the leader of india . (id97)
banana is an ingredient in binignit . binignit is a dessert . dessert is a variation of cookie . (id98)
sago is an ingredient in binignit . binignit is a dessert . dessert is a variation of cookie . (id99)
taro is an ingredient in binignit . binignit is a dessert . dessert is a variation of cookie . (id100)
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato . banana is an ingredient in binignit . sweet potato belongs to the order of solanales . (id101)
bionico is located in mexico . bionico is a dessert . granola is an ingredient in bionico . (id102)
bionico is located in mexico . bionico is from the guadalajara region . raisin is an ingredient in bionico . (id103)
bionico is located in mexico . silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico . the mexican peso is the currency in mexico . (id104)
rome is the capital of italy . amatriciana sauce is located in italy . pietro grasso is the leader of italy . (id105)
arabic is spoken in philippines . batchoy is located in philippines . igorot people are an ethnic group in the united philippines . (id106)
tony tan is the leader of singapore . english language is spoken in singapore . beef kway teow is located in singapore . (id107)
tomato is part of the solanaceae family . tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce . tomato belongs to the order of solanales . (id108)
amatriciana sauce is from the lazio region . amatriciana sauce is located in italy . tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce . the main ingredients of amatriciana sauce are tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil . (id109)
arrabbiata sauce is located in italy . rome is the capital of italy . pietro grasso is the leader of italy . sergio mattarella is the leader of italy . (id110)
arros negre is located in spain . the main ingredients of arros negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers . arros negre is from the catalonia region . cuttlefish is an ingredient in arros negre . (id111)
arros negre is located in spain . the main ingredients of arros negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers . arros negre is from the catalonia region . white rice is an ingredient in arros negre . (id112)
arros negre is located in spain . spaniards are an ethnic group in the united spain . arros negre is from the catalonia region . parliament of catalonia is the leader of catalonia . (id113)
asam pedas is located in malaysia . malaysian malay are an ethnic group in the united malaysia . batak are an ethnic group in the united sumatra . asam pedas is from the sumatra region . (id114)
asam pedas is located in malaysia . minangkabau people are an ethnic group in the united sumatra . asam pedas is from the sumatra region . malays ( ethnic group ) are an ethnic group in the united sumatra . (id115)
bacon explosion is located in united states . barack obama is the leader of united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . (id116)
bacon explosion is located in united states . john roberts is the leader of united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . (id117)
ketchup is an ingredient in bacon sandwich . blt is a variation of club sandwich . bacon sandwich is a variation of blt . bacon sandwich is located in united kingdom . (id118)
the main ingredients of bacon sandwich are bread and bacon , with a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce . bacon sandwich is located in united kingdom . bacon sandwich is also known as bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin . condiment is an ingredient in bacon sandwich . (id119)
baked alaska is a dessert . dessert is a variation of cookie . african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . baked alaska is located in united states . (id120)
the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding . baked alaska is from the paris , new york or hong kong region . baked alaska is located in united states . sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska . (id121)
baked alaska is from the hong kong region . the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding . baked alaska is located in france , united states or china . meringue is an ingredient in baked alaska . (id122)
baked alaska is from the hong kong region . the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding . baked alaska is located in united states . ice cream is an ingredient in baked alaska . (id123)
bakewell pudding is from the derbyshire dales region . bakewell pudding is a variation of bakewell tart . derbyshire dales is part of derbyshire . fruit preserves is an ingredient in bakewell tart . (id124)
tapioca is an ingredient in bakso . bakso is located in indonesia . the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots . bakso is from the nationwide in indonesia , also popular in neighboring southeast asian countries region . (id125)
bakso is from the indonesia region . noodle is an ingredient in bakso . bakso is located in indonesia . the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots . (id126)
kidney bean is an ingredient in bandeja paisa . the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon . bandeja paisa is from the paisa region region . bandeja paisa is located in colombian cuisine . (id127)
the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon . bandeja paisa is from the paisa region region . bandeja paisa is located in colombian cuisine . hogao is an ingredient in bandeja paisa . (id128)
barny cakes is located in france . french language is spoken in france . gerard larcher is the leader of france . francois hollande is the leader of france . (id129)
batagor is located in indonesia . batagor is a variation of siomay . siomay is a variation of shumai . shiitake is an ingredient in shumai . (id130)
batchoy is located in philippines . the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef . pork is an ingredient in batchoy . batchoy is from the la paz , iloilo city region . (id131)
chicken is an ingredient in batchoy . batchoy is located in philippines . batchoy is a soup . the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef . (id132)
beef kway teow is located in singapore . the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil . beef kway teow is from the nationwide in singapore and indonesia region . sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow . (id133)
beef kway teow is from the singapore region . beef kway teow is located in singapore and indonesia . standard chinese is spoken in singapore . halimah yacob is the leader of singapore . (id134)
beef kway teow is from the singapore region . the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil . beef kway teow is located in indonesia . sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow . (id135)
bhajji is located in india . bhajji is from the karnataka region . bhajji is also known as bhaji , bajji . vegetable is an ingredient in bhajji . (id136)
bhajji is from the karnataka region . the main ingredients of bhajji are gram flour , vegetables . bhajji is also known as bhaji , bajji . vegetable is an ingredient in bhajji . (id137)
sweet potato is an ingredient in binignit . sweet potato belongs to the division of flowering plant . the main ingredients of binignit are sago . sweet potato belongs to the order of solanales . (id138)
binignit is from the visayas region . the main ingredients of binignit are coconut milk . binignit is located in philippines . sago is an ingredient in binignit . (id139)
bionico is located in mexico . bionico is a dessert . bionico is from the jalisco region . granola is an ingredient in bionico . (id140)
bionico is located in mexico . the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut , raisins . bionico is from the guadalajara region . sour cream is an ingredient in bionico . (id141)
bionico is located in mexico . silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico . bionico is a dessert . dessert is a variation of cookie . (id142)
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia . bakso is from the indonesia region . tapioca is an ingredient in bakso . bakso is located in indonesia . (id143)
baduy are an ethnic group in the united java . ayam penyet is from the singapore region . tony tan is the leader of singapore . ayam penyet is located in java . (id144)
ilocano people are an ethnic group in the united philippines . zamboangans are an ethnic group in the united philippines . philippine spanish is spoken in philippines . batchoy is located in philippines . (id145)
arabic is spoken in philippines . zamboangans are an ethnic group in the united philippines . batchoy is located in philippines . igorot people are an ethnic group in the united philippines . (id146)
philippine english is spoken in philippines . binignit is a dessert . dessert is a variation of cookie . binignit is located in philippines . (id147)
philippine english is spoken in philippines . binignit is a dessert . dessert is a variation of sandesh ( confectionery ) . binignit is located in philippines . (id148)
arem - arem is located in indonesia . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia . arem - arem is from the nationwide in indonesia , but more specific to java region . the indonesian rupiah is the currency in indonesia . indonesian language is spoken in indonesia . (id149)
asam pedas is located in malaysia . malaysian chinese are an ethnic group in the united malaysia . malaysian malay are an ethnic group in the united malaysia . kuala lumpur is the capital of malaysia . asam pedas is from the sumatra and malay peninsula region . (id150)
asam pedas is located in malaysia . malaysian malay are an ethnic group in the united malaysia . kuala lumpur is the capital of malaysia . malaysian indian are an ethnic group in the united malaysia . asam pedas is from the sumatra and malay peninsula region . (id151)
asam pedas is located in malaysia . malaysian malay are an ethnic group in the united malaysia . kuala lumpur is the capital of malaysia . malaysian indian are an ethnic group in the united malaysia . asam pedas is from the sumatra region . (id152)
asam pedas is located in malaysia . malaysian malay are an ethnic group in the united malaysia . abu zahar ujang is the leader of malaysia . malaysian indian are an ethnic group in the united malaysia . asam pedas is from the malay peninsula region . (id153)
bacon explosion is located in united states . the main ingredients of bacon explosion are bacon , sausage . bacon is an ingredient in bacon explosion . bacon explosion is from the kansas city metropolitan area region . the main ingredients of bacon explosion are sausage . (id154)
bacon explosion is located in united states . white americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . paul ryan is the leader of united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . english language is spoken in united states . (id155)
bacon sandwich is a variation of blt . the main ingredients of bacon sandwich are bread and bacon , with a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce . bacon sandwich is located in united kingdom . ketchup is an ingredient in bacon sandwich . bacon sandwich is also known as bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin . (id156)
baked alaska is located in france . manuel valls is the leader of france . gerard larcher is the leader of france . french language is spoken in france . baked alaska is from the hong kong region . (id157)
lemon is an ingredient in bandeja paisa . antioquia department is located in colombia . lemon belongs to the order of rosids . lemon is part of the rutaceae family . bandeja paisa is from the antioquia department region . (id158)
barny cakes is located in france . gerard larcher is the leader of france . french language is spoken in france . francois hollande is the leader of france . sponge cake is an ingredient in barny cakes . (id159)
batagor is located in indonesia . joko widodo is the leader of indonesia . batagor is a variation of siomay . peanut sauce is an ingredient in siomay . batagor is a variation of shumai . (id160)
batagor is located in indonesia . joko widodo is the leader of indonesia . shiitake is an ingredient in shumai . batagor is a variation of siomay . siomay is a variation of shumai . (id161)
batagor is located in indonesia . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia . shiitake is an ingredient in shumai . batagor is a variation of shumai . batagor is a variation of siomay . (id162)
bhajji is located in india . bhajji is from the karnataka region . the main ingredients of bhajji are gram flour , vegetables . bhajji is also known as bhaji , bajji . gram flour is an ingredient in bhajji . (id163)
bhajji is located in india . indian people india t . s . thakur is the leader of india . bhajji is from the karnataka region . vajubhai vala is the leader of karnataka . (id164)
bhajji is located in india . indian people india t . s . thakur is the leader of india . sumitra mahajan is the leader of india . bhajji is from the karnataka region . (id165)
bionico is located in mexico . bionico is a dessert . the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut , raisins . bionico is from the guadalajara region . sour cream is an ingredient in bionico . (id166)
bionico is located in mexico . spanish language is spoken in mexico . enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico . bionico is a variation of honey . bionico is a dessert . (id167)
bionico is located in mexico . silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico . bionico is from the jalisco region . bionico is a variation of honey . bionico is a dessert . (id168)
carles puigdemont is the leader of catalonia . arros negre is located in spain . spaniards are an ethnic group in the united spain . felipe vi of spain is the leader of spain . arros negre is from the catalonia region . (id169)
rome is the capital of italy . matteo renzi is the leader of italy . amatriciana sauce is located in italy . laura boldrini is the leader of italy . italian language is spoken in italy . (id170)
italians italy rome is the capital of italy . amatriciana sauce is located in italy . sergio mattarella is the leader of italy . laura boldrini is the leader of italy . (id171)
pietro grasso is the leader of italy . rome is the capital of italy . matteo renzi is the leader of italy . amatriciana sauce is located in italy . italian language is spoken in italy . (id172)
javanese people are an ethnic group in the united java . fried chicken is an ingredient in ayam penyet . the main ingredients of fried chicken are chicken . ayam penyet is from the nationwide , also can be found in malaysia and singapore region . ayam penyet is located in java . (id173)
javanese people are an ethnic group in the united java . english language is spoken in singapore . ayam penyet is from the singapore region . tony tan is the leader of singapore . ayam penyet is located in java . (id174)
arabic is spoken in philippines . zamboangans are an ethnic group in the united philippines . philippine spanish is spoken in philippines . batchoy is located in philippines . chinese filipino are an ethnic group in the united philippines . (id175)
spanish language is spoken in spain . ajoblanco is from the andalusia region . susana diaz is the leader of andalusia . ajoblanco is located in spain . spaniards are an ethnic group in the united spain . (id176)
felipe vi of spain is the leader of spain . ajoblanco is from the andalusia region . susana diaz is the leader of andalusia . ajoblanco is located in spain . spaniards spain (id177)
