11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 . 11th mississippi infantry monument falls under the category of contributing property .
14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the district of monocacy national battlefield . the city nearest monocacy national battlefield is frederick , maryland , maryland .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . turk sehitleri aniti is the native name of baku turkish martyrs ' memorial .
akron , ohio is located in united states . african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
albany , oregon is part of oregon . salem , oregon is the capital of oregon .
the albuquerque , new mexico , is led by the provincial united states house of representatives . albuquerque , new mexico is located in united states .
amarillo , texas is part of texas . amarillo , texas is located in united states .
anaheim , california is part of california . the anaheim , california , is led by the provincial united states house of representatives .
anaheim , california is part of orange county , california . orange county , california is located in united states .
anderson , indiana is part of adams township , madison county , indiana . adams township , madison county , indiana is located in united states .
antioch , california , indiana is located at 13 . 0 above sea level . antioch , california , texas has a total area of 75 . 324 ( square kilometres ) .
arlington , texas , indiana is located at 184 . 0 above sea level . arlington , texas , texas has a total area of 258 . 2 ( square kilometres ) .
arlington , texas is part of texas . texas is located in united states .
atlanta is located in united states . atlanta is part of georgia .
atlantic city , new jersey is located in united states . atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey .
atlantic city , new jersey is located in united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey . atlantic county , new jersey is located in united states .
atlantic city , new jersey , texas has a population density of 1421 . 2 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . atlantic city , new jersey , texas has a total area of 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington . pierce county , washington is located in united states .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . albany , oregon is part of united states .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . amarillo , texas is located in united states .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . albuquerque , new mexico is located in united states .
native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . albany , georgia is part of united states .
native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . auburn , alabama is located in united states .
english language is spoken in united states . akron , ohio is located in united states .
the united states , is led by the provincial president of the united states . albuquerque , new mexico is located in united states .
amatriciana sauce is located in italy . tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
arem - arem is located in indonesia . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia .
arrabbiata sauce is located in italy . italian language is spoken in italy .
arrabbiata sauce is located in italy . sergio mattarella is the leader of italy .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce . arrabbiata sauce is located in italy .
arros negre is from the valencian community region . arros negre is located in spain .
asam pedas is located in indonesia . the main ingredients of asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
ayam penyet is from the malaysia region . ayam penyet is located in indonesia .
blt is a variation of club sandwich . bacon sandwich is a variation of blt .
sausage is an ingredient in bacon explosion . the main ingredients of bacon explosion are bacon .
bacon sandwich is also known as bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin . bacon is an ingredient in bacon sandwich .
bacon sandwich is a variation of blt . bread is an ingredient in bacon sandwich .
baked alaska is located in france . sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska .
baked alaska is located in france . manuel valls is the leader of france .
baked alaska is located in united states . meringue is an ingredient in baked alaska .
bakewell pudding is a variation of bakewell tart . fruit preserves is an ingredient in bakewell tart .
bakso is located in indonesia . vermicelli is an ingredient in bakso .
celery is an ingredient in bakso . celery is part of the apiaceae family .
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa . bandeja paisa is located in colombian cuisine .
barny cakes is located in france . claude bartolone is the leader of france .
batagor is located in indonesia . peanut sauce is an ingredient in batagor .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in batagor . batagor is a variation of siomay .
beef kway teow is located in singapore . palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow .
beef kway teow is located in singapore . halimah yacob is the leader of singapore .
the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil . beef kway teow is located in singapore and indonesia .
bhajji is located in india . indian people india
bhajji is located in india . t . s . thakur is the leader of india .
binignit is located in philippines . igorot people are an ethnic group in the united philippines .
the main ingredients of binignit are banana . binignit is located in philippines .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato . banana is an ingredient in binignit .
bionico is located in mexico . enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico .
bionico is from the guadalajara region . granola is an ingredient in bionico .
dessert is a variation of cake . bionico is a dessert .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia . bakso is located in indonesia .
shiitake is an ingredient in shumai . batagor is a variation of shumai .
the runway length of aarhus airport is 2777 . 0 . aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is elevated 610 . 0 metres above sea level . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
the runway length of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is 3500 . 0 . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh . uttar pradesh is part of awadh .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq . the runway length of al asad airbase is 3090 . 0 .
al asad airbase is located in iraq . arabic is spoken in iraq .
al asad airbase is operated by united states air force . one of the noted united states air force air force battles was the invasion of grenada of grenada .
the 1st runway at alderney airport airport is made from poaceae . poaceae class is monocotyledon .
the runway length of alderney airport is 877 . 0 . the 1st runway at alderney airport airport is made from asphalt .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan . anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan . the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 2900 . 0 .
the length of the first runway amsterdam airport schiphol is 3800 metres . amsterdam airport schiphol is elevated - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level .
the 1st runway at amsterdam airport schiphol airport is made from asphalt . amsterdam airport schiphol is elevated - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam . the runway length of amsterdam airport schiphol is 2014 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam . the runway length of amsterdam airport schiphol is 3300 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas . houston is the largest city in texas .
the runway length of angola international airport is 3800 . 0 . angola international airport serves the city of luanda .
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 597 . 0 . ardmore ardmore airport ( new zealand ) 3rd runway surface type is poaceae .
the length of the first runway at ashgabat international airport is 12467 feet . ashgabat international airport is elevated 211 metres above sea level .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines . turkmenistan airlines is headquartered at jinnah turkmenistan airport .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey . egg harbor township , new jersey is located in united states .
atlantic city international airport is operated by port authority of new york and new jersey . 4 / 22 is the runway name of atlantic city international airport .
the runway length of atlantic city international airport is 3048 . 0 . atlantic city international airport is operated by port authority of new york and new jersey .
infraero is located in brasilia . afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero .
1 . fc magdeburg has 27250 members . 1 . fc magdeburg played in the 2014 - 15 regionalliga season .
a . c . chievo verona ground is in verona , italy . a . c . chievo verona has 39371 members .
rolando maran manages a . c . chievo verona . michele rolando maran was born in italy .
jorge humberto rodriguez manages a . d . isidro metapan . jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc dallas .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members . a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 - 15 a epsth , greece season .
stuart parker ( footballer ) manages a . f . c . blackpool . stuart parker ( footballer ) plays for blackburn rovers f . c . .
stuart parker ( footballer ) manages a . f . c . blackpool . stuart parker ( footballer ) plays for irlam town f . c . .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members . a . f . c . fylde ground is in lancashire .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members . a . s . gubbio 1910 ground is in gubbio .
a . s . livorno calcio ground is in livorno . a . s . livorno calcio play in serie b .
christian panucci manages a . s . livorno calcio . christian panucci plays for a . s . roma .
paulo sousa manages acf fiorentina . paulo sousa plays for juventus f . c . .
acf fiorentina has 47290 members . the full name of acf fiorentina is " acf fiorentina s . p . a . " .
aek athens f . c . ground is in greece . aek athens f . c . has 69618 members .
aek athens f . c . ground is in olympic stadium ( athens ) . aek athens f . c . play in superleague greece .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ground is in sportpark de toekomst . marriott jong ajax is the tenant of sportpark de toekomst .
azal pfk ground is in azal arena . azal pfk is located in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan .
akron summit assault played in the 2011 pdl season season . akron summit assault has 3000 members .
gubbio is from the umbria region . a . s . gubbio 1910 ground is in gubbio .
the leader of italy is pietro grasso . a . s . gubbio 1910 ground is in italy .
luciano spalletti plays for empoli f . c . . luciano spalletti manages a . s . roma .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by eric flint . 1634 : the bavarian crisis by 1634 : the the grantville gazettes affair .
1634 : the ram rebellion is available in e - book . 1634 : the ram rebellion was written by virginia demarce .
aip advances of math eissn number is 2158 . aip advances is abbreviated aip adv . . pol .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones . a fortress of grey ice is available in print .
a fortress of grey ice has 672 pages . the isbn number of a fortress of grey ice 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6
a glastonbury romance by 1634 : weymouth sands . a glastonbury romance was written by john cowper powys .
the oclc number of a long long way is 57392246 . a long long way is available in print & paperback .
a long long way has 292 pages . the isbn number of a long long way 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4
viking press is the publisher of a long long way . viking press is the parent company of the penguin random house press .
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong . a loyal character dancer is available in print .
the oclc number of a severed wasp is 8805735 . the isbn number of a severed wasp 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8
the oclc number of a severed wasp is 8805735 . a severed wasp is available in hardcover .
english language is spoken in a severed wasp . english language is spoken in great great britain .
a severed wasp is available in print . the isbn number of a severed wasp 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8
springer science + business media is the publisher of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg . the founder of springer science + business media is julius springer .
the isbn number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 the literary genre of alcatraz versus the evil librarians the evil librarians is fantasy literature .
the oclc number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 78771100 . the isbn number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9
alcatraz versus the evil librarians by 1634 : alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones . alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones was written by brandon sanderson .
the academic discipline of american journal of mathematics is mathematics . american journal of mathematics is abbreviated am . j . math . . pol .
johns hopkins university press is the publisher of american journal of mathematics . johns hopkins university press is the parent company of the johns hopkins university press .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . 1634 : the ram rebellion is located in united states .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . a fortress of grey ice is located in united states .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . a fortress of grey ice is located in united states .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . a wizard of mars is located in united states .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . a wizard of mars is located in united states .
the nickname of 1 decembrie 1918 university is uab . 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the state of alba .
acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . visvesvaraya technological university is located in the city of belgaum .
the president of acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy . acharya institute of technology is located in the city of bangalore .
all india council for technical education was proud to give the technical campus status to acharya institute of technology . all india council for technical education is located in mumbai .
kochi is the leader of kerala . awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala .
april o ' neil was created by peter laird . peter laird is from the united states states .
bananaman broadcastedby bbc jill shilling starred in bananaman .
graeme garden starred in bananaman . bananaman broadcastedby stv
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman . tim brooke - taylor was born in derbyshire .
big hero 6 ( film ) 6 was baymax ' s first film appearance . alan tudyk starred in big hero 6 ( film ) .
big hero 6 ( film ) 6 was baymax ' s first film appearance . scott adsit starred in big hero 6 ( film ) .
baymax series big hero 6 ( film ) baymax was created by steven t . seagle .
ben urich was created by roger mckenzie ( comic book writer ) . the full name of ben urich is " benjamin urich " .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway . bibbo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman .
bibbo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman . the full name of bibbo bibbowski is " bo bibbowski " .
alan bean was born on 1932 - 03 - 15 . alan bean is retired .
alan shepard is deceased . alan shepard was a test test pilot .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz aldrin was born on 1930 - 01 - 20 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . glen ridge , new jersey is part of essex county , new jersey .
william anders was born in british hong kong . william anders was a part of the crew of apollo 8 12 .
william anders is retired . afit , m . s . 1962 is william anders almamater .
there are 50 floors at 108 st georges terrace . 108 st georges terrace was completed in 1988 .
there are 45 floors at 200 public square . 200 public square is located in united states .
there are 34 floors at 20 fenchurch street . 20 fenchurch street has a floor area of 62145 . 3 ( square metres ) .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago . there are 60 floors at 300 north lasalle .
the architect of 320 south boston building is george winkler . george winkler is located in united states .
3arena is located in east link bridge . the architect of 3arena is hok sve .
3arena is located in dublin . the architect of 3arena is populous ( company ) .
marriott marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen . ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in copenhagen .
the architect of adare manor is george richard pain . adare manor was completed in 1862 .
adare manor is located in adare . adare manor is located in county limerick .
addis ababa city hall is located in ethiopia . addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the architecture style of adisham hall falls under brutalist tudor revival architecture .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka . the architecture style of adisham hall falls under brutalist tudor revival architecture .
akita museum of art is located in japan . brazilians in japan are an ethnic group in the united japan .
there are 3 floors at akita museum of art . akita museum of art is located on 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat . amdavad ni gufa is located on lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
ampara hospital is located in the state of eastern province , sri lanka . austin fernando is the leader of eastern province , sri lanka .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city . new york city is located in united states .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city . new york city is part of brooklyn .
county limerick is part of munster . adare manor is located in county limerick .
dublin is part of republic of ireland . 3arena is located in dublin .
aaron s . daggett won the purple heart award . one of the noted aaron s . daggett air force battles was the battle of fredericksburg of grenada .
one of the noted aaron s . daggett air force battles was the battle of gettysburg of grenada . aaron s . daggett won the purple heart award .
abdul rahman ya ' kub hasdeputy stephen yong kuet tze abdul taib mahmud successor abdul rahman ya ' kub
abdul taib mahmud party parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu abdul taib mahmud was born in kingdom of sarawak .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna . technical institute , kaduna is abdulsalami abubakar almamater .
abdulsalami abubakar office ( workedat , workedas ) chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state .
abdulsalami abubakar office ( workedat , workedas ) chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) abdulsalami abubakar successor al - amin daggash
abdulsalami abubakar successor olusegun obasanjo abdulsalami abubakar activeyearsenddate 1999 - 05 - 29
abdulsalami abubakar successor olusegun obasanjo abdulsalami abubakar inofficewhilevicepresident mike akhigbe
one of the noted abner w . sibal air force battles was the world war ii of grenada . world war ii 12 was commanded by joseph stalin .
abner w . sibal militarybranch united states army one of the noted united states army air force battles was the korean war of grenada .
adam holloway was born in kent . magdalene college , cambridge is adam holloway almamater .
adam holloway resides in the gravesend states . adam holloway was born in kent .
one of the noted adam koc air force battles was the world war i of grenada . adam koc won the virtuti militari award .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens . adonis georgiadis office ( workedat , workedas ) deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally
adonis georgiadis was born in greece . adonis georgiadis was born in athens .
adonis georgiadis was born in greece . adonis georgiadis office ( workedat , workedas ) deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf . agnes kant office ( workedat , workedas ) parliamentary group leader
airey neave won the military cross award . airey neave unit royal artillery
one of the noted airey neave air force battles was the battle of france of grenada . airey neave activeyearsstartdate 1974 - 03 - 04
one of the noted airey neave air force battles was the battle of france of grenada . battle of france 12 was commanded by hugo sperrle .
one of the noted airey neave air force battles was the world war ii of grenada . airey neave was born in knightsbridge .
one of the noted airey neave air force battles was the world war ii of grenada . world war ii 12 was commanded by franklin d . roosevelt .
one of the noted airey neave air force battles was the world war ii of grenada . world war ii 12 was commanded by joseph stalin .
albert b . white deathyear 1941 albert b . white was born on 1856 - 09 - 22 .
albert b . white profession politician albert b . white was born on 1856 - 09 - 22 .
albert jennings fountain died in dona ana county , new mexico . albert jennings fountain was born in new york city .
albert jennings fountain inofficewhilevicepresident edmund j . davis albert jennings fountain died in new mexico territory .
albert jennings fountain party republican party ( united states ) albert jennings fountain was born in new york city .
alberto teisaire office ( workedat , workedas ) provisional president of the argentine senate alberto teisaire successor isaac rojas
alfons gorbach was born in austria . alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary .
alfons gorbach was born in tyrol ( state ) . alfons gorbach was born in austria .
alfred moore scales office ( workedat , workedas ) governor of north carolina alfred moore scales successor james w . reid ( politician )
alfred moore scales successor daniel gould fowle princeton university is daniel gould fowle almamater .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut . alfred n . phillips office ( workedat , workedas ) united states house of representatives
alfred n . phillips militarybranch united states army one of the noted united states army air force battles was the american civil war of grenada .
one of the noted allan shivers air force battles was the world war ii of grenada . world war ii 12 was commanded by joseph stalin .
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas . allan shivers office ( workedat , workedas ) member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur )
allan shivers office ( workedat , workedas ) member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) allan shivers successor ben ramsey
alvah sabin was born on 1793 - 10 - 23 . alvah sabin office ( workedat , workedas ) secretary of state of vermont
the euro is the currency in netherlands . agnes kant is located in netherlands .
mark rutte is the leader of netherlands . agnes kant is located in netherlands .
parkersburg , west virginia is located in united states . albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia .
aaron boogaard plays for wichita thunder . aaron boogaard was born in saskatchewan .
abel hernandez plays for penarol . jorge orosman da silva manages penarol .
abel hernandez plays for u . s . citta di palermo . abel hernandez plays for penarol .
adam maher plays for netherlands national under - 17 football team . adam maher plays for az alkmaar .
adam maher plays for psv eindhoven . adam maher plays for netherlands national under - 17 football team .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for steel azin f . c . . ahmad kadhim assad plays for al shorta sc .
akeem adams plays for ferencvarosi tc . thomas doll manages ferencvarosi tc .
akeem adams plays for trinidad and tobago national football team . akeem adams plays for t & tec sports club .
akeem ayers formerteam new england patriots akeem ayers draftpick 39
akeem ayers formerteam tennessee titans akeem ayers draftpick 39
akeem dent birthyear 1987 akeem dent was born on 1987 - 09 - 27 .
akeem priestley plays for connecticut huskies . akeem priestley plays for sheikh russel kc .
akeem priestley plays for rops . akeem priestley plays for sheikh russel kc .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al - khor sports club . al - khor sports club ground is in al khor .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc . amar osim manages al kharaitiyat sc .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for hamilton academical f . c . . alan martin ( footballer ) plays for leeds united f . c . .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for hamilton academical f . c . . hamilton academical f . c . ground is in new douglas park .
aleksander barkov , jr . plays for florida panthers . aleksander barkov , jr . was born on 1995 - 09 - 02 .
aleksander barkov , jr . plays for florida panthers . aleksander barkov , jr . was born in tampere , finland .
aleksandr chumakov plays for fc torpedo moscow . valery petrakov manages fc torpedo moscow .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc tom tomsk . fc tom tomsk play in russian football national league .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc karpaty lviv . aleksandre guruli plays for fc dinamo batumi .
alex plante birthyear 1989 alex plante was born in manitoba .
alex tyus plays for pallacanestro cantu . alex tyus was born on 1988 - 01 - 08 .
alex tyus play in turkish basketball super league . alex tyus plays for maccabi tel aviv b . c . .
conservative party of canada is the leader of brandon , manitoba . alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba .
the anthem of canada is called o canada romane . adam mcquaid was born in canada .
english language is spoken in canada . adam mcquaid was born in canada .
levan khomeriki manages fc dinamo batumi . aleksandre guruli plays for fc dinamo batumi .
fc spartak moscow ground is in otkrytiye arena . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow .
rops play in veikkausliiga . akeem priestley plays for rops .
united petrotrin f . c . ground is in palo seco velodrome . akeem adams plays for united petrotrin f . c . .
aaron deer is in the genre of psychedelia . aaron deer instrument guitar
aaron deer origin united states aaron deer origin indiana
aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist twilight ( band ) aaron turner is in the genre of electroacoustic music .
aaron turner instrument singing aaron turner is in the genre of avant - garde metal .
abradab associatedband / associatedmusicalartist magik ( rapper ) abradab associatedband / associatedmusicalartist kaliber 44
abradab was born on 1978 - 11 - 12 . abradab was born in katowice .
abradab was born in katowice . abradab was born in poland .
ace wilder is in the genre of hip hop music . hip hop music stylisticorigin disco
ace wilder recordlabel warner music group ace wilder background solo singer
agustin barboza was born in paraguay . agustin barboza recordlabel philips records
alan frew is in the genre of rock music . rock music musicfusiongenre bhangra ( music )
alan frew is in the genre of rock music . rock music stylisticorigin country music
albennie jones is in the genre of jazz . jazz stylisticorigin blues
aleksandra kovac is in the genre of pop music . aleksandra kovac background solo singer
aleksandra kovac is in the genre of rhythm and blues . rhythm and blues stylisticorigin blues
aleksandra kovac is in the genre of soul music . aleksandra kovac activeyearsstartyear 1990
alex day is in the genre of synthpop . synthpop stylisticorigin new wave music
alfred garth jones was born in england . alfred garth jones birthyear 1872
alfredo zitarrosa background solo singer alfredo zitarrosa is in the genre of milonga ( music ) .
alfredo zitarrosa background solo singer alfredo zitarrosa is in the genre of taquirari .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay . alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo .
alfredo zitarrosa died in uruguay . alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo .
alfredo zitarrosa is in the genre of zamba ( artform ) . alfredo zitarrosa background solo singer
alison o ' donnell associatedband / associatedmusicalartist plastik mak alison o ' donnell associatedband / associatedmusicalartist bajik
alison o ' donnell is in the genre of folk rock . alison o ' donnell recordlabel floating world records
alison o ' donnell is in the genre of jazz . alison o ' donnell instrument voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp
allen forrest is in the genre of hip hop music . allen forrest background solo singer
alternative rock musicsubgenre christian alternative rock andrew white ( musician ) is in the genre of alternative rock .
anders osborne associatedband / associatedmusicalartist phil lesh and friends anders osborne associatedband / associatedmusicalartist tab benoit
anders osborne is in the genre of rhythm and blues . anders osborne recordlabel rabadash records
anders osborne is in the genre of rhythm and blues . anders osborne recordlabel shanachie records
andra ( singer ) is in the genre of pop music . andra ( singer ) activeyearsstartyear 2000
andra ( singer ) is in the genre of rhythm and blues . rhythm and blues stylisticorigin blues
andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist christian burns andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist jonathan mendelsohn
andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist jonathan mendelsohn andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist mark sixma
andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist jwaydan moyine andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist armin van buuren
andrew white ( musician ) is in the genre of alternative rock . alternative rock stylisticorigin new wave music
country music instrument banjo al anderson ( nrbq band ) is in the genre of country music .
polydor records is located in london . andrew white ( musician ) recordlabel polydor records
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 escapevelocity 0 . 0925 ( kilometreperseconds ) ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 apoapsis 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres )
( 410777 ) 2009 fd apoapsis 259776702 . 47055 ( kilometres ) ( 410777 ) 2009 fd minimumtemperature 211 . 0 ( kelvins )
( 410777 ) 2009 fd periapsis 88234300000 . 0 ( 410777 ) 2009 fd discoverer spacewatch
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 epoch 2013 - 11 - 04 ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 escapevelocity 0 . 0999 ( kilometreperseconds )
( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 epoch 2004 - 07 - 14 ( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 orbitalperiod 16244700 . 0
( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 epoch 2004 - 07 - 14 ( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 rotationperiod 9953 . 28
101 helena discoverer james craig watson james craig watson deathcause peritonitis
1036 ganymed averagespeed 16 . 86 ( kilometreperseconds ) 1036 ganymed apoapsis 611961000 . 0 ( kilometres )
1036 ganymed discoverer walter baade walter baade was born in german empire .
1036 ganymed discoverer walter baade walter baade is from the germany states .
103 hera discoverer james craig watson james craig watson deathcause peritonitis
103 hera discoverer james craig watson james craig watson is from the canada states .
107 camilla discoverer n . r . pogson n . r . pogson was born in nottingham .
1089 tama epoch 2005 - 11 - 26 1089 tama was formerly called a919 ha ; 1927 wb ; .
1089 tama temperature 179 . 0 ( kelvins ) 1089 tama apoapsis 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres )
1097 vicia epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 1097 vicia periapsis 279142000000 . 0
109 felicitas apoapsis 523329000 . 0 ( kilometres ) 109 felicitas temperature 170 . 0 ( kelvins )
109 felicitas epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 109 felicitas periapsis 283326000000 . 0
109 felicitas rotationperiod 47487 . 6 109 felicitas epoch 2006 - 12 - 31
10 hygiea apoapsis 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres ) 10 hygiea temperature 164 . 0 ( kelvins )
10 hygiea was formerly called a900 ga . 10 hygiea epoch 2015 - 06 - 27
110 lydia epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 110 lydia mass 6 . 7 ( kilograms )
110 lydia epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 110 lydia orbitalperiod 142603000 . 0
a - rosa luna shipclass cruise ship a - rosa luna length 125800 . 0 ( millimetres )
a - rosa luna shipordered 2004 - 01 - 22 a - rosa luna length 125800 . 0 ( millimetres )
aida cruises is located in germany . aidastella is operated by aida cruises .
aida cruises is located in rostock . aidaluna is operated by aida cruises .
aidaluna topspeed 40 . 744 aidaluna length 252000 . 0 ( millimetres )
aidastella christeningdate 2013 - 03 - 16 aidastella length 253260 . 0 ( millimetres )
alco rs - 3 builder montreal locomotive works alco rs - 3 powertype diesel - electric transmission
alv x - 1 diameter 1 . 524 ( metres ) alv x - 1 rocketstages 2
amc matador assembly kenosha , wisconsin amc matador modelyears 1974
amc matador was designed by richard a . teague . richard a . teague employer chrysler
ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) length 192000 . 0 ( millimetres ) ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) is located in argentina .
alfa romeo 164 assembly milan alfa romeo 164 relatedmeanoftransportation saab 9000
alfa romeo 164 relatedmeanoftransportation fiat croma alfa romeo 164 assembly italy
alfa romeo 164 relatedmeanoftransportation lancia thema alfa romeo 164 assembly italy
alvis speed 25 manufacturer alvis car and engineering company alvis car and engineering company is located in coventry .
alvis speed 25 transmission single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle alvis speed 25 engine 4387 . 0 ( cubiccentimetres )
alvis speed 25 transmission single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle alvis speed 25 engine straight - six engine
american motors successor eagle ( automobile ) amc matador manufacturer american motors
antares ( rocket ) maidenflight 2014 - 01 - 09 antares ( rocket ) launchsite mid - atlantic regional spaceport
gabriela michetti is the leader of argentina . ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) is located in argentina .
ariane 5 launchsite ela - 3 ariane 5 manufacturer airbus defence and space
ariane 5 manufacturer airbus defence and space airbus defence and space is the parent company of the airbus group press .
aston martin v8 assembly united kingdom aston martin v8 relatedmeanoftransportation aston martin rham / 1
aston martin v8 manufacturer aston martin aston martin v8 successor aston martin virage
aston martin v8 relatedmeanoftransportation aston martin dbs aston martin v8 successor aston martin virage
aston martin v8 successor aston martin virage aston martin virage manufacturer aston martin
atlas ii finalflight 1998 - 03 - 16 atlas ii diameter 3 . 04 m
atlas ii launchsite cape canaveral air force station atlas ii manufacturer lockheed martin
audi a1 manufacturer audi audi belongs to the division of audi e - tron .
audi a1 manufacturer audi audi subsidiary ducati
audi a1 manufacturer audi audi subsidiary quattro gmbh
rona douglas r . oberhelman is the key person for caterpillar inc . . aidaluna powertype caterpillar inc .
delta ii launchsite vandenberg air force base antares ( rocket ) comparable delta ii
juha sipila is the leader of finland . aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) builder finland
general dynamics electric boat is the parent company of the general dynamics press . american submarine nr - 1 builder general dynamics electric boat
mtu friedrichshafen is owned by rolls - royce holdings . a - rosa luna powertype mtu friedrichshafen
elizabeth ii is the leader of united kingdom . aston martin v8 assembly united kingdom
