abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
18l / 36r is the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport .
the icao location identifier of afonso pena international airport is sbct .
afonso pena international airport serves the city of curitiba .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
the runway length of al - taqaddum air base is 3684 . 0 .
14 / 32 is the runway name of alderney airport .
the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 3360 . 12 .
angola amsterdam airport schiphol airport 1st runway is number 18 .
amsterdam airport schiphol 5th runway surfacetype asphalt
06 / 24 ' kaagbaan ' is the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol .
andrews county airport is elevated 973 . 0 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is owned by andrews county , texas .
the runway length of andrews county airport is 896 . 0 .
the 1st runway at angola international airport airport is made from asphalt .
antwerp international airport is elevated 12 . 0 metres above sea level .
antwerp international airport is operated by flemish government .
the runway length of appleton international airport is 2439 . 0 .
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 518 . 0 .
the icao location identifier of ashgabat international airport is utaa .
11 / 29 is the runway name of ashgabat international airport .
atlantic city international airport is owned by south jersey transportation authority .
13 / 31 is the runway name of atlantic city international airport .
dutch language is spoken in belgium .
curitiba is part of south region , brazil .
danes denmark
fallujah is located in iraq .
greenville , wisconsin is located in united states .
greenville , wisconsin is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
arabic is spoken in iraq .
madrid is located in spain .
maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is part of united states .
sardar ayaz sadiq is the leader of pakistan .
port authority of new york and new jersey the new jersey region .
houston is the largest city in texas .
one of the noted united states air force air force battles was the 1986 united states bombing of libya of grenada .
boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft in the united states air force air force .
11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
adams county , pennsylvania has to its southeast carroll county , maryland
the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
the azerbaijan , is led by the provincial prime minister of azerbaijan .
turk sehitleri aniti is the native name of baku turkish martyrs ' memorial .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa .
the architecture style of 250 delaware avenue falls under brutalist postmodern architecture .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago .
the architect of 320 south boston building is george winkler .
1910 was the start date for the building at 320 south boston building .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen numberofrooms 814
the architect of adare manor is james pain and george richard pain , .
adisham hall is located in haputale .
akita museum of art is located in japan .
alan b . miller hall is owned by college of william & mary .
amdavad ni gufa is located on lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
the architect of asilomar conference grounds is julia morgan .
asilomar conference grounds architecture arts and crafts movement and american craftsman bungalows
asilomar conference grounds was built in 1913 .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city .
buffalo , new york is part of erie county , new york .
byron brown is the leader of buffalo , new york .
county limerick is part of munster .
criona ni dhalaigh is the leader of dublin .
mulatu teshome is the leader of ethiopia .
indian people india
one of the significant buildings designed by julia morgan is the los angeles herald - examiner .
live nation entertainment is located in beverly hills , california .
manhattan is part of new york .
new york city is part of new netherland .
pacific grove , california is part of california .
white south african are an ethnic group in the united south africa .
elizabeth ii is the leader of united kingdom .
the isbn number of 1634 : the ram rebellion 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint .
1634 : the ram rebellion is available in print .
aids ( journal ) is located in united kingdom .
the oclc number of a glastonbury romance is 76798317 .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover .
english language is spoken in a long long way .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane .
the issn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg is 0025 - 5858 .
above the veil was written by garth nix .
above the veil is available in print .
the issn number of acta palaeontologica polonica is 0567 - 7920 .
the lccn number of addiction ( journal ) is 93645978 .
the academic discipline of addiction ( journal ) is addiction .
english language is spoken in aenir .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is located in united states .
english language is spoken in alcatraz versus the evil librarians .
the academic discipline of american journal of mathematics is mathematics .
english language is spoken in castle ( novel ) .
eric flint was born in burbank , california .
farrar , straus and giroux is the parent company of the macmillan publishers press .
one of john cowper powys notable works is oliver a glastonbury romance .
soho press is located in united states .
faber and faber is the publisher of the secret scripture .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
english language is spoken in united states .
weymouth sands by 1634 : the a glastonbury romance affair .
rolando maran manages a . c . chievo verona .
a . d . isidro metapan play in salvadoran primera division .
the full name of a . f . c . blackpool is " association football club blackpool " .
a . f . c . blackpool ground is in the mechanics , .
a . f . c . blackpool ground is in blackpool .
a . s . gubbio 1910 ground is in gubbio .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members .
aek athens f . c . ground is in athens .
aek athens f . c . played in the 2014 - 15 football league ( greece ) season .
azal arena is located in baku .
azal pfk play in azerbaijan premier league .
az alkmaar played in the 2014 - 15 eredivisie season .
akron , ohio is located in united states .
akron , ohio is located in summit county , ohio .
the full name of akron summit assault is " akron metro futbol club summit assault " .
the leader of amsterdam is eberhard van der laan .
christian panucci plays for chelsea f . c . .
christian panucci plays for inter milan .
frank de boer plays for fc barcelona .
gubbio is from the umbria region .
the leader of italy is sergio mattarella .
jens hartel plays for fc sachsen leipzig .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc dallas .
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio .
massimo drago plays for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
michele marcolini plays for atalanta b . c . .
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio .
peter stoger plays for 1 . fc koln .
rolando maran plays for f . c . bari 1908 .
marriott jong ajax is the tenant of sportpark de toekomst .
st . vincent - st . mary high school is located in united states .
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the state of alba .
the president of acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy .
kerala has to its northwest mahe , india
mendrisio neighboringmunicipality meride
bucharest is the capital of romania .
the dean of school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen botta .
there are 16000 students at school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university .
alan bean is from the united states states .
buzz aldrin was a backup pilot of apollo 8 12 .
massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 is buzz aldrin almamater .
buzz aldrin was a part of the crew of apollo 11 12 .
buzz aldrin was chosen by nasa in 1963 .
california gemstone benitoite
elliot see died on 1966 - 02 - 28 .
elliot see died in st . louis .
elliot see is deceased .
april o ' neil was created by kevin eastman .
bananaman broadcastedby bbc
the full name of ben urich is " benjamin urich " .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway .
the full name of bibbo bibbowski is " bo bibbowski " .
bill oddie was born in lancashire .
black pirate is also known as jon valor .
john buscema won the eisner award award .
karl kesel is from the americans states .
marv wolfman won the kirby award award .
peter laird is from the united states states .
scott adsit was born in northbrook , illinois .
the area code of albany , georgia , indiana is 229 .
albany , oregon is part of united states .
the albuquerque , new mexico , is led by the provincial mayor .
the albuquerque , new mexico , is led by the provincial new mexico house of representatives .
the albuquerque , new mexico , is led by the provincial new mexico senate .
amarillo , texas , texas has a total area of 233 . 9 ( square kilometres ) .
amarillo , texas is part of randall county , texas .
anderson , indiana is part of richland township , madison county , indiana .
angola , indiana , indiana is located at 324 . 0 above sea level .
the area code of antioch , california , indiana is 925 .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california .
arlington , texas , texas has a population density of 1472 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
the leader of atlanta is kasim reed .
atlantic city , new jersey , texas has a total area of 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
attica , indiana , indiana is located at 166 . 0 above sea level .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama .
auburn , washington , texas has a total area of 77 . 41 ( square kilometres ) .
austin , texas is part of texas .
spanish language is spoken in california .
dunwoody , georgia is the largest city in dekalb county , georgia .
fulton county , georgia is located in united states .
anderson , indiana is the county seat madison county , indiana , in indiana .
michigan is located in united states .
detroit is the largest city in michigan .
orange county , california is located in united states .
portland , oregon is the largest city in oregon .
fort worth , texas is the largest city in tarrant county , texas .
the leader of united states is barack obama .
united states house of representatives is located in united states capitol .
pecorino romano is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
white rice is an ingredient in arros negre .
arros negre is from the catalonia region .
arros negre is from the valencian community region .
ayam penyet is from the singapore region .
tomato is an ingredient in blt .
baked alaska is from the hong kong region .
bakewell pudding served warm or cold
bandeja paisa is located in colombian cuisine .
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region region .
barny cakes servingsize 30 . 0 g
batagor is a variation of shumai .
the main ingredients of batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
shrimp is an ingredient in batchoy .
beef kway teow is from the indonesia region .
bhajji is also known as bhaji , bajji .
taro is an ingredient in binignit .
bionico is a variation of cottage cheese .
bionico is from the jalisco region .
chicken class is bird .
the indian rupee is the currency in india .
sumitra mahajan is the leader of india .
indonesian language is spoken in indonesia .
aristoteles sandoval is the leader of jalisco .
banyumasan people are an ethnic group in the united java .
malaysian malay are an ethnic group in the united malaysia .
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico .
spanish language is spoken in new york .
shumai is located in china .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in siomay .
malays ( ethnic group ) are an ethnic group in the united sumatra .
david cameron is the leader of united kingdom .
11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 . 11th mississippi infantry monument falls under the category of contributing property .
14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the district of monocacy national battlefield . the city nearest monocacy national battlefield is frederick , maryland , maryland .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . turk sehitleri aniti is the native name of baku turkish martyrs ' memorial .
akron , ohio is located in united states . african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
albany , oregon is part of oregon . salem , oregon is the capital of oregon .
the albuquerque , new mexico , is led by the provincial united states house of representatives . albuquerque , new mexico is located in united states .
amarillo , texas is part of texas . amarillo , texas is located in united states .
anaheim , california is part of california . the anaheim , california , is led by the provincial united states house of representatives .
anaheim , california is part of orange county , california . orange county , california is located in united states .
anderson , indiana is part of adams township , madison county , indiana . adams township , madison county , indiana is located in united states .
antioch , california , indiana is located at 13 . 0 above sea level . antioch , california , texas has a total area of 75 . 324 ( square kilometres ) .
arlington , texas , indiana is located at 184 . 0 above sea level . arlington , texas , texas has a total area of 258 . 2 ( square kilometres ) .
arlington , texas is part of texas . texas is located in united states .
atlanta is located in united states . atlanta is part of georgia .
atlantic city , new jersey is located in united states . atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey .
atlantic city , new jersey is located in united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey . atlantic county , new jersey is located in united states .
atlantic city , new jersey , texas has a population density of 1421 . 2 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . atlantic city , new jersey , texas has a total area of 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington . pierce county , washington is located in united states .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . albany , oregon is part of united states .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . amarillo , texas is located in united states .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . albuquerque , new mexico is located in united states .
native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . albany , georgia is part of united states .
native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . auburn , alabama is located in united states .
english language is spoken in united states . akron , ohio is located in united states .
the united states , is led by the provincial president of the united states . albuquerque , new mexico is located in united states .
amatriciana sauce is located in italy . tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
arem - arem is located in indonesia . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia .
arrabbiata sauce is located in italy . italian language is spoken in italy .
arrabbiata sauce is located in italy . sergio mattarella is the leader of italy .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce . arrabbiata sauce is located in italy .
arros negre is from the valencian community region . arros negre is located in spain .
asam pedas is located in indonesia . the main ingredients of asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
ayam penyet is from the malaysia region . ayam penyet is located in indonesia .
blt is a variation of club sandwich . bacon sandwich is a variation of blt .
sausage is an ingredient in bacon explosion . the main ingredients of bacon explosion are bacon .
bacon sandwich is also known as bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin . bacon is an ingredient in bacon sandwich .
bacon sandwich is a variation of blt . bread is an ingredient in bacon sandwich .
baked alaska is located in france . sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska .
baked alaska is located in france . manuel valls is the leader of france .
baked alaska is located in united states . meringue is an ingredient in baked alaska .
bakewell pudding is a variation of bakewell tart . fruit preserves is an ingredient in bakewell tart .
bakso is located in indonesia . vermicelli is an ingredient in bakso .
celery is an ingredient in bakso . celery is part of the apiaceae family .
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa . bandeja paisa is located in colombian cuisine .
barny cakes is located in france . claude bartolone is the leader of france .
batagor is located in indonesia . peanut sauce is an ingredient in batagor .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in batagor . batagor is a variation of siomay .
beef kway teow is located in singapore . palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow .
beef kway teow is located in singapore . halimah yacob is the leader of singapore .
the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil . beef kway teow is located in singapore and indonesia .
bhajji is located in india . indian people india
bhajji is located in india . t . s . thakur is the leader of india .
binignit is located in philippines . igorot people are an ethnic group in the united philippines .
the main ingredients of binignit are banana . binignit is located in philippines .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato . banana is an ingredient in binignit .
bionico is located in mexico . enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico .
bionico is from the guadalajara region . granola is an ingredient in bionico .
dessert is a variation of cake . bionico is a dessert .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia . bakso is located in indonesia .
shiitake is an ingredient in shumai . batagor is a variation of shumai .
the runway length of aarhus airport is 2777 . 0 . aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is elevated 610 . 0 metres above sea level . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
the runway length of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is 3500 . 0 . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh . uttar pradesh is part of awadh .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq . the runway length of al asad airbase is 3090 . 0 .
al asad airbase is located in iraq . arabic is spoken in iraq .
al asad airbase is operated by united states air force . one of the noted united states air force air force battles was the invasion of grenada of grenada .
the 1st runway at alderney airport airport is made from poaceae . poaceae class is monocotyledon .
the runway length of alderney airport is 877 . 0 . the 1st runway at alderney airport airport is made from asphalt .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan . anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan . the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 2900 . 0 .
the length of the first runway amsterdam airport schiphol is 3800 metres . amsterdam airport schiphol is elevated - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level .
the 1st runway at amsterdam airport schiphol airport is made from asphalt . amsterdam airport schiphol is elevated - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam . the runway length of amsterdam airport schiphol is 2014 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam . the runway length of amsterdam airport schiphol is 3300 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas . houston is the largest city in texas .
the runway length of angola international airport is 3800 . 0 . angola international airport serves the city of luanda .
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 597 . 0 . ardmore ardmore airport ( new zealand ) 3rd runway surface type is poaceae .
the length of the first runway at ashgabat international airport is 12467 feet . ashgabat international airport is elevated 211 metres above sea level .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines . turkmenistan airlines is headquartered at jinnah turkmenistan airport .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey . egg harbor township , new jersey is located in united states .
atlantic city international airport is operated by port authority of new york and new jersey . 4 / 22 is the runway name of atlantic city international airport .
the runway length of atlantic city international airport is 3048 . 0 . atlantic city international airport is operated by port authority of new york and new jersey .
infraero is located in brasilia . afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero .
1 . fc magdeburg has 27250 members . 1 . fc magdeburg played in the 2014 - 15 regionalliga season .
a . c . chievo verona ground is in verona , italy . a . c . chievo verona has 39371 members .
rolando maran manages a . c . chievo verona . michele rolando maran was born in italy .
jorge humberto rodriguez manages a . d . isidro metapan . jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc dallas .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members . a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 - 15 a epsth , greece season .
stuart parker ( footballer ) manages a . f . c . blackpool . stuart parker ( footballer ) plays for blackburn rovers f . c . .
stuart parker ( footballer ) manages a . f . c . blackpool . stuart parker ( footballer ) plays for irlam town f . c . .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members . a . f . c . fylde ground is in lancashire .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members . a . s . gubbio 1910 ground is in gubbio .
a . s . livorno calcio ground is in livorno . a . s . livorno calcio play in serie b .
christian panucci manages a . s . livorno calcio . christian panucci plays for a . s . roma .
paulo sousa manages acf fiorentina . paulo sousa plays for juventus f . c . .
acf fiorentina has 47290 members . the full name of acf fiorentina is " acf fiorentina s . p . a . " .
aek athens f . c . ground is in greece . aek athens f . c . has 69618 members .
aek athens f . c . ground is in olympic stadium ( athens ) . aek athens f . c . play in superleague greece .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ground is in sportpark de toekomst . marriott jong ajax is the tenant of sportpark de toekomst .
azal pfk ground is in azal arena . azal pfk is located in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan .
akron summit assault played in the 2011 pdl season season . akron summit assault has 3000 members .
gubbio is from the umbria region . a . s . gubbio 1910 ground is in gubbio .
the leader of italy is pietro grasso . a . s . gubbio 1910 ground is in italy .
luciano spalletti plays for empoli f . c . . luciano spalletti manages a . s . roma .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by eric flint . 1634 : the bavarian crisis by 1634 : the the grantville gazettes affair .
1634 : the ram rebellion is available in e - book . 1634 : the ram rebellion was written by virginia demarce .
aip advances of math eissn number is 2158 . aip advances is abbreviated aip adv . . pol .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones . a fortress of grey ice is available in print .
a fortress of grey ice has 672 pages . the isbn number of a fortress of grey ice 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6
a glastonbury romance by 1634 : weymouth sands . a glastonbury romance was written by john cowper powys .
the oclc number of a long long way is 57392246 . a long long way is available in print & paperback .
a long long way has 292 pages . the isbn number of a long long way 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4
viking press is the publisher of a long long way . viking press is the parent company of the penguin random house press .
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong . a loyal character dancer is available in print .
the oclc number of a severed wasp is 8805735 . the isbn number of a severed wasp 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8
the oclc number of a severed wasp is 8805735 . a severed wasp is available in hardcover .
english language is spoken in a severed wasp . english language is spoken in great great britain .
a severed wasp is available in print . the isbn number of a severed wasp 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8
springer science + business media is the publisher of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg . the founder of springer science + business media is julius springer .
the isbn number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 the literary genre of alcatraz versus the evil librarians the evil librarians is fantasy literature .
the oclc number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 78771100 . the isbn number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9
alcatraz versus the evil librarians by 1634 : alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones . alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones was written by brandon sanderson .
the academic discipline of american journal of mathematics is mathematics . american journal of mathematics is abbreviated am . j . math . . pol .
johns hopkins university press is the publisher of american journal of mathematics . johns hopkins university press is the parent company of the johns hopkins university press .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . 1634 : the ram rebellion is located in united states .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . a fortress of grey ice is located in united states .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . a fortress of grey ice is located in united states .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . a wizard of mars is located in united states .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . a wizard of mars is located in united states .
the nickname of 1 decembrie 1918 university is uab . 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the state of alba .
acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . visvesvaraya technological university is located in the city of belgaum .
the president of acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy . acharya institute of technology is located in the city of bangalore .
all india council for technical education was proud to give the technical campus status to acharya institute of technology . all india council for technical education is located in mumbai .
kochi is the leader of kerala . awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala .
april o ' neil was created by peter laird . peter laird is from the united states states .
bananaman broadcastedby bbc jill shilling starred in bananaman .
graeme garden starred in bananaman . bananaman broadcastedby stv
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman . tim brooke - taylor was born in derbyshire .
big hero 6 ( film ) 6 was baymax ' s first film appearance . alan tudyk starred in big hero 6 ( film ) .
big hero 6 ( film ) 6 was baymax ' s first film appearance . scott adsit starred in big hero 6 ( film ) .
baymax series big hero 6 ( film ) baymax was created by steven t . seagle .
ben urich was created by roger mckenzie ( comic book writer ) . the full name of ben urich is " benjamin urich " .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway . bibbo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman .
bibbo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman . the full name of bibbo bibbowski is " bo bibbowski " .
alan bean was born on 1932 - 03 - 15 . alan bean is retired .
alan shepard is deceased . alan shepard was a test test pilot .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz aldrin was born on 1930 - 01 - 20 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . glen ridge , new jersey is part of essex county , new jersey .
william anders was born in british hong kong . william anders was a part of the crew of apollo 8 12 .
william anders is retired . afit , m . s . 1962 is william anders almamater .
there are 50 floors at 108 st georges terrace . 108 st georges terrace was completed in 1988 .
there are 45 floors at 200 public square . 200 public square is located in united states .
there are 34 floors at 20 fenchurch street . 20 fenchurch street has a floor area of 62145 . 3 ( square metres ) .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago . there are 60 floors at 300 north lasalle .
the architect of 320 south boston building is george winkler . george winkler is located in united states .
3arena is located in east link bridge . the architect of 3arena is hok sve .
3arena is located in dublin . the architect of 3arena is populous ( company ) .
marriott marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen . ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in copenhagen .
the architect of adare manor is george richard pain . adare manor was completed in 1862 .
adare manor is located in adare . adare manor is located in county limerick .
addis ababa city hall is located in ethiopia . addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the architecture style of adisham hall falls under brutalist tudor revival architecture .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka . the architecture style of adisham hall falls under brutalist tudor revival architecture .
akita museum of art is located in japan . brazilians in japan are an ethnic group in the united japan .
there are 3 floors at akita museum of art . akita museum of art is located on 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat . amdavad ni gufa is located on lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
ampara hospital is located in the state of eastern province , sri lanka . austin fernando is the leader of eastern province , sri lanka .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city . new york city is located in united states .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city . new york city is part of brooklyn .
county limerick is part of munster . adare manor is located in county limerick .
dublin is part of republic of ireland . 3arena is located in dublin .
alan bean is from the united states states . alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . alan bean is retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz aldrin is from the united states states . joe biden is the leader of united states .
buzz aldrin is from the united states states . buzz aldrin was chosen by nasa in 1963 . massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 is buzz aldrin almamater .
university of texas at austin is elliot see almamater . elliot see was born in dallas . elliot see is from the united states states .
university of texas at austin is elliot see almamater . elliot see died in st . louis . elliot see was chosen by nasa in 1962 .
university of texas at austin is elliot see almamater . francis g . slay is the leader of st . louis . elliot see died in st . louis .
elliot see died in st . louis . st . louis is part of kingdom of france . elliot see died on 1966 - 02 - 28 .
the purple finch finch is a native bird to new new hampshire . alan shepard spent 13017 . 0 ( minutes ) in space . alan shepard was born in new hampshire .
1634 : the bavarian crisis has 448 pages . 1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by virginia demarce and eric flint . 1634 : the bavarian crisis is available in print .
english language is spoken in 1634 : the ram rebellion . english language is spoken in great great britain . 1634 : the ram rebellion by 1634 : the 1634 : the galileo affair affair .
association for computing machinery is the publisher of acm transactions on information systems . alexander l . wolf is the leader of association for computing machinery . association for computing machinery is headquartered at jinnah new york city airport .
the academic discipline of aids ( journal ) is hiv . the academic discipline of aids ( journal ) is hiv / aids . the issn number of aids ( journal ) is 0269 - 9370 .
the academic discipline of aids ( journal ) is hiv . the academic discipline of aids ( journal ) is hiv / aids . the issn number of aids ( journal ) is 1473 - 5571 .
aip aip advances editors include the following : a . t . charlie johnson . a . t . charlie johnson resides in the united states states . stanford university is a . t . charlie johnson almamater .
the oclc number of a fortress of grey ice is 51969173 . a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones . the isbn number of a fortress of grey ice 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong . the oclc number of a loyal character dancer is 49805501 . the isbn number of a loyal character dancer 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3
english language is spoken in a loyal character dancer . soho press is the publisher of a loyal character dancer . soho press is located in united states .
english language is spoken in a severed wasp . english language is spoken in great great britain . a severed wasp is located in united states .
a severed wasp has 388 pages . the oclc number of a severed wasp is 8805735 . a severed wasp is available in hardcover .
the issn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg is 1865 - 8784 . the lccn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg is 32024459 . abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg is abbreviated abh . math . semin . univ . hambg . . pol .
above the veil is located in australians . english language is spoken in aenir . aenir by 1634 : above the veil .
english language is spoken in above the veil . aenir was written by garth nix . aenir by 1634 : above the veil .
above the veil has 248 pages . above the veil was written by garth nix . above the veil is available in hardcover .
the issn number of acta palaeontologica polonica is 0567 - 7920 . the lccn number of acta palaeontologica polonica is 60040714 . acta palaeontologica polonica is abbreviated acta palaeontol . pol . . pol .
the academic discipline of addiction ( journal ) is addiction . addiction ( journal ) is abbreviated addiction . pol . the issn number of addiction ( journal ) is 1360 - 0443 .
wiley - blackwell is the publisher of addiction ( journal ) . wiley - blackwell is the parent company of the john wiley & sons press . the issn number of addiction ( journal ) is 0965 - 2140 .
cornell university is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . cornell university is affiliated with association of american universities . cornell university is located in the state of new york .
aenir was written by garth nix . english language is spoken in aenir . aenir by 1634 : above the veil .
english language is spoken in alcatraz versus the evil librarians . english language is spoken in great great britain . alcatraz versus the evil librarians is located in united states .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is available in hardcover . alcatraz versus the evil librarians has 320 pages . the oclc number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 78771100 .
english language is spoken in great great britain . english language is spoken in united states . alcatraz versus the evil librarians is located in united states .
john cowper powys was born in shirley , derbyshire . john cowper powys died in blaenau ffestiniog . a glastonbury romance was written by john cowper powys .
the founder of sage publications is sara miller mccune . the issn number of administrative science quarterly is 0001 - 8392 . sage publications is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . a severed wasp is located in united states . native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . english language is spoken in a wizard of mars . a wizard of mars is located in united states .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . a wizard of mars is located in united states .
barack obama is the leader of united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . a wizard of mars is located in united states .
the united states , is led by the provincial president of the united states . 1634 : the ram rebellion is located in united states . african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
the united states , is led by the provincial president of the united states . a fortress of grey ice is located in united states . native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states .
jens hartel manages 1 . fc magdeburg . jens hartel plays for 1 . fc lokomotive leipzig . jens hartel plays for sv germania schoneiche .
massimo drago manages a . c . cesena . massimo drago plays for a . s . d . licata 1931 . massimo drago plays for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
the full name of a . c . lumezzane is " associazione calcio lumezzane spa " . a . c . lumezzane play in lega pro / a . a . c . lumezzane has 4150 members .
jorge humberto rodriguez manages a . d . isidro metapan . jorge humberto rodriguez plays for alianza f . c . . jorge humberto rodriguez plays for el salvador national football team .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members . antonis milionis is the chairman of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis . a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis ground is in efxeinoupoli .
a . f . c . blackpool ground is in blackpool . a . f . c . blackpool has 1500 members . the full name of a . f . c . blackpool is " association football club blackpool " .
stuart parker ( footballer ) manages a . f . c . blackpool . stuart parker ( footballer ) plays for chesterfield f . c . . stuart parker ( footballer ) plays for runcorn f . c . halton .
dave challinor manages a . f . c . fylde . dave challinor plays for stockport county f . c . . dave challinor plays for colwyn bay f . c . .
a . s . livorno calcio ground is in livorno , italy . a . s . livorno calcio has 19238 members . the full name of a . s . livorno calcio is " livorno calcio s . p . a . " .
christian panucci manages a . s . livorno calcio . a . s . livorno calcio play in serie b . the name of the championship football team in the serie b os the carpi f . c . 1909 fk .
christian panucci manages a . s . livorno calcio . christian panucci plays for chelsea f . c . . christian panucci plays for real madrid c . f . .
aek athens f . c . play in superleague greece . the name of the championship football team in the superleague greece os the olympiacos f . c . fk . aek athens f . c . ground is in greece .
gus poyet manages aek athens f . c . . gus poyet plays for real zaragoza . gus poyet plays for chelsea f . c . .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ground is in amsterdam . the leader of amsterdam is eberhard van der laan . amsterdam noord is part amsterdam - centrum .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ground is in amsterdam . the leader of amsterdam is eberhard van der laan . amsterdam noord is part amsterdam - noord .
john van den brom manages az alkmaar . john van den brom plays for jong ajax . john van den brom plays for istanbulspor a . s . .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in campeonato brasileiro serie c . campeonato brasileiro serie c is located in brazil . agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ground is in estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca .
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio . luciano spalletti plays for empoli f . c . . luciano spalletti manages a . s . roma .
massimo drago plays for s . s . chieti calcio . massimo drago manages a . c . cesena . massimo drago plays for a . s . d . licata 1931 .
massimo drago plays for u . s . castrovillari calcio . massimo drago manages a . c . cesena . massimo drago plays for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
massimo drago plays for u . s . castrovillari calcio . massimo drago plays for s . s . chieti calcio . massimo drago manages a . c . cesena .
103 colmore row is located in colmore row . the architect of 103 colmore row is john madin . john madin was born in birmingham .
200 public square is located in cleveland . cleveland is part of cuyahoga county , ohio . frank g . jackson is the leader of cleveland .
250 delaware avenue is located in united states . 250 delaware avenue has a floor area of 30843 . 8 ( square metres ) . there are 12 floors at 250 delaware avenue .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago . rahm emanuel is the leader of chicago . chicago is part of dupage county , illinois .
the architect of 320 south boston building is george winkler . george winkler is located in united states . there are 22 floors at 320 south boston building .
3arena is located in north wall quay . the architect of 3arena is hok sve . 3arena was completed in december 2008 .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in denmark . marriott marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen . there are 23 floors at ac hotel bella sky copenhagen .
marriott marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen . the architect of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is 3xn . there are 23 floors at ac hotel bella sky copenhagen .
the architect of adare manor is augustus pugin . one of the significant buildings designed by augustus pugin is the palace of westminster . augustus pugin was born in bloomsbury .
the architect of adare manor is philip charles hardwick . adare manor was completed in 1862 . adare manor is owned by j . p . mcmanus .
the architecture style of adisham hall falls under brutalist tudor and jacabian . adisham hall was completed in 1931 . adisham hall is located in haputale .
the architecture style of adisham hall falls under brutalist tudor and jacabian . adisham hall is located in sri lanka . adisham hall was completed in 1931 .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka . adisham hall is located in haputale . ranil wickremesinghe is the leader of sri lanka .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka . sri jayawardenepura kotte is the capital of sri lanka . the sri lankan rupee is the currency in sri lanka .
30 march 2007 was the start date for the building at alan b . miller hall . mason school of business is located in united states . the mason school of business is the current tenant of alan b . miller hall .
the architect of asilomar conference grounds is julia morgan . julia morgan was born in san francisco . one of the significant buildings designed by julia morgan is the riverside art museum .
the architect of asilomar conference grounds is julia morgan . one of the significant buildings designed by julia morgan is the chinatown , san francisco . julia morgan was born in california .
asilomar conference grounds is located in asilomar blvd . , pacific grove , california . asilomar conference grounds were added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 - 02 - 27 . asilomar conference grounds has the reference number 87000823 in the national register of historic places .
asser levy public baths is located in avenue a ( manhattan ) . asser levy public baths was built in 1904 . asser levy public baths were added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1980 - 04 - 23 .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city . asser levy public baths was built in 1904 . asser levy public baths were added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1980 - 04 - 23 .
conservative party ( uk ) is the leader of birmingham . the architect of 103 colmore row is john madin . birmingham is the home town of john madin .
liberal democrats is the leader of birmingham . the architect of 103 colmore row is john madin . john madin was born in birmingham .
hailemariam desalegn is the leader of ethiopia . addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa . addis ababa is located in ethiopia .
anandiben patel is the leader of gujarat . amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad . amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat .
marriott international is located in bethesda , maryland . marriott marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen . rona bill marriott is the key person for marriott international .
albany , georgia is part of dougherty county , georgia . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . albany , georgia is located in united states .
albuquerque , new mexico , texas has a population density of 1142 . 3 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . the albuquerque , new mexico , is led by the provincial new mexico senate . albuquerque , new mexico , texas has a total area of 490 . 9 ( square kilometres ) .
alpharetta , georgia is located in united states . african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia .
alpharetta , georgia is located in united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . alpharetta , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) .
alpharetta , georgia is located in united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states .
anaheim , anaheim , california has a utc offset of - 7 . the area code of anaheim , california , indiana is 657 , 714 . anaheim , california , texas has a total area of 131 . 6 ( square kilometres ) .
anaheim , california is part of california . the anaheim , california , is led by the provincial california state senate . california state senate is located in california state capitol .
anderson , indiana is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana . lafayette township , madison county , indiana is located in united states . anderson , indiana is part of indiana .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana . angola , indiana is located in united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california . contra costa county , california is part of san francisco bay area . the antioch , california , is led by the provincial united states house of representatives .
arlington , texas is part of tarrant county , texas . fort worth , texas is the county seat tarrant county , texas , in indiana . tarrant county , texas is located in united states .
atlanta is located in united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states .
atlanta , texas has a population density of 1299 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . the area code of atlanta , indiana is 404 . atlanta , texas has a total area of 347 . 1 ( square kilometres ) .
atlantic city , new jersey is located in united states . newark , new jersey is the largest city in new jersey . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey . atlantic county , new jersey is located in united states . new york city is the largest city in united states .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama . alabama is located in united states . auburn , alabama is part of alabama .
auburn , washington is part of washington ( state ) . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . washington ( state ) is located in united states .
auburn , washington is part of washington ( state ) . olympia , washington is the capital of washington ( state ) . washington ( state ) is located in united states .
atlanta is the capital of georgia ( u . s . state ) . albany , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) . albany , georgia is part of dougherty county , georgia .
madison county , indiana is located in united states . alexandria , indiana is part of madison county , indiana . anderson , indiana is the largest city in madison county , indiana .
trenton , new jersey is the capital of new jersey . new jersey is located in united states . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
english language is spoken in texas . arlington , texas is part of texas . houston is the largest city in texas .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . attica , indiana is located in united states . attica , indiana is part of fountain county , indiana .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . fountain county , indiana is located in united states . attica , indiana is part of fountain county , indiana .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . english language is spoken in united states . akron , ohio is located in united states .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . akron , ohio is located in united states . akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon . albany , oregon is located in united states .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . the leader of united states is barack obama . albuquerque , new mexico is located in united states .
english language is spoken in united states . albany , georgia is located in united states . african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
english language is spoken in united states . angola , indiana is located in united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
the runway length of aarhus airport is 2776 . 0 . aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s . 10r / 28l is the runway name of aarhus airport .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york . the runway length of adirondack regional airport is 2003 . 0 . adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama . paracuellos de jarama is located in spain . paracuellos de jarama is part of community of madrid .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh . agra airport is operated by indian air force . the icao location identifier of agra airport is viag .
al asad airbase is operated by united states air force . al asad airbase is located in iraq . the runway length of al asad airbase is 3992 . 88 .
al asad airbase is operated by united states air force . united states air force air force aircraft fighter mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle one of the noted united states air force air force battles was the 1986 united states bombing of libya of grenada .
al asad airbase is operated by united states air force . one of the noted united states air force air force battles was the invasion of grenada of grenada . united states air force air force aircraft fighter mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle
the 1st runway at alderney airport airport is made from poaceae . the runway length of alderney airport is 877 . 0 . alderney airport serves the city of alderney .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan . allama iqbal international airport is operated by pakistan civil aviation authority . pakistan civil aviation authority is headquartered at jinnah jinnah international airport airport .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan . 18l / 36r is the runway name of allama iqbal international airport . the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 2900 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is elevated 210 metres above sea level . alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan . maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is located in united states .
andrews county airport is located in texas . the runway length of andrews county airport is 1773 . 0 . andrews county airport is elevated 973 . 0 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is located in texas . the runway length of andrews county airport is 896 . 0 . andrews county airport is elevated 973 . 0 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is located in texas . austin , texas is the capital of texas . english language is spoken in texas .
andrews county airport is located in texas . tejano texas texas is located in united states .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp . german language is spoken in belgium . antwerp is located in belgium .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey . egg harbor township , new jersey is located in united states . egg harbor township , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey .
atlantic city international airport is operated by port authority of new york and new jersey . port authority of new york and new jersey the new jersey region . port authority of new york and new jersey is headquartered at jinnah four world trade center airport .
the runway length of atlantic city international airport is 3048 . 0 . atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey . egg harbor township , new jersey is located in united states .
lahore is located in pakistan . allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore . anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan .
madrid is part of community of madrid . the leader party at madrid is the peoples ahora madrid . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid .
the leader party at madrid is the peoples ahora madrid . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid . madrid is located in spain .
the leader party at san sebastian de los reyes is the peoples people ' s party ( spain ) . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes . san sebastian de los reyes is located in spain .
11th mississippi infantry monument is located in united states . adams county , pennsylvania has to its southeast carroll county , maryland 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania .
adams county , pennsylvania has to its southeast carroll county , maryland 11th mississippi infantry monument is in the municipality of gettysburg , gettysburg , pennsylvania . 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania .
baku is the capital of azerbaijan . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan . turk sehitleri aniti is the native name of baku turkish martyrs ' memorial .
the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan . national assembly ( azerbaijan ) dictates the legislature of azerbaijan .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey . ankara is the capital of turkey . ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey .
amatriciana sauce is from the lazio region . amatriciana sauce is located in italy . guanciale is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
banana leaf is an ingredient in arem - arem . arem - arem is from the javanese cuisine region . the main ingredients of arem - arem are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce . tomato belongs to the division of flowering plant . tomato is part of the solanaceae family .
arrabbiata sauce is from the rome region . arrabbiata sauce is located in italy . olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
arrabbiata sauce is from the rome region . tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce . arrabbiata sauce is located in italy .
asam pedas is located in malaysia . the main ingredients of asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce . asam pedas is from the malay peninsula region .
asam pedas is located in malaysia . kuala lumpur is the capital of malaysia . arifin zakaria is the leader of malaysia .
ayam penyet is from the malaysia region . malaysian chinese are an ethnic group in the united malaysia . ayam penyet is located in indonesia .
lettuce is an ingredient in blt . blt is a variation of club sandwich . bacon sandwich is a variation of blt .
bacon explosion is located in united states . barack obama is the leader of united states . white americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
bacon explosion is located in united states . john roberts is the leader of united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states .
bacon sandwich is a variation of blt . blt is a variation of club sandwich . bread is an ingredient in bacon sandwich .
baked alaska is located in france . baked alaska is from the new york region . sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska .
baked alaska is located in france . manuel valls is the leader of france . the euro is the currency in france .
baked alaska is located in united states . baked alaska is from the new york region . christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska .
baked alaska is a dessert . dessert is a variation of cookie . sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska .
bakewell pudding is from the derbyshire dales region . bakewell pudding is a dessert . the main ingredients of bakewell pudding are ground almond , jam , butter , eggs .
bakewell pudding is from the derbyshire dales region . bakewell pudding is a variation of bakewell tart . the main ingredients of bakewell pudding are ground almond , jam , butter , eggs .
bakso is from the indonesia region . bakso is located in indonesia . beef is an ingredient in bakso .
avocado is an ingredient in bandeja paisa . bandeja paisa is located in colombian cuisine . bandeja paisa is from the paisa region region .
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region region . bandeja paisa is located in colombian cuisine . hogao is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
barny cakes is located in france . claude bartolone is the leader of france . manuel valls is the leader of france .
batchoy is located in philippines . the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef . noodle is an ingredient in batchoy .
batchoy is located in philippines . the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef . vegetable is an ingredient in batchoy .
beef kway teow is located in singapore . beef kway teow is from the nationwide in singapore and indonesia region . tony tan is the leader of singapore .
beef kway teow is from the singapore region . beef kway teow is located in indonesia . sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow .
beef kway teow is from the singapore region . oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow . beef kway teow is located in singapore and indonesia .
bhajji is located in india . the indian rupee is the currency in india . sumitra mahajan is the leader of india .
banana is an ingredient in binignit . binignit is a dessert . dessert is a variation of cookie .
sago is an ingredient in binignit . binignit is a dessert . dessert is a variation of cookie .
taro is an ingredient in binignit . binignit is a dessert . dessert is a variation of cookie .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato . banana is an ingredient in binignit . sweet potato belongs to the order of solanales .
bionico is located in mexico . bionico is a dessert . granola is an ingredient in bionico .
bionico is located in mexico . bionico is from the guadalajara region . raisin is an ingredient in bionico .
bionico is located in mexico . silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico . the mexican peso is the currency in mexico .
rome is the capital of italy . amatriciana sauce is located in italy . pietro grasso is the leader of italy .
arabic is spoken in philippines . batchoy is located in philippines . igorot people are an ethnic group in the united philippines .
tony tan is the leader of singapore . english language is spoken in singapore . beef kway teow is located in singapore .
tomato is part of the solanaceae family . tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce . tomato belongs to the order of solanales .
awh engineering college is located in india . the academic staff at the awh awh engineering college college number 250 . awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala .
acharya institute of technology is located in the city of bangalore . the number of post graduate students at acharya institute of technology is about 700 . acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
kochi is the leader of kerala . awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala . kerala has to its northwest mahe , india
germans of romania are an ethnic group in the united romania . 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the anthem of romania is called desteapta - te , romane ! romane .
germans of romania are an ethnic group in the united romania . klaus iohannis is the leader of romania . 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with european university association . the headquarters of the european university association association is in brussels . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 .
asterix ( comicscharacter ) was created by rene goscinny . rene goscinny is from the french people states . asterix ( comicscharacter ) was created by albert uderzo .
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman . bananaman broadcastedby bbc bananaman last aired on april 1986 - 04 - 15 .
big hero 6 ( film ) 6 was baymax ' s first film appearance . walt disney studios motion pictures the distributor of the film , big hero 6 ( film ) 6 . scott adsit starred in big hero 6 ( film ) .
walt disney studios motion pictures the distributor of the film , big hero 6 ( film ) 6 . baymax series big hero 6 ( film ) scott adsit starred in big hero 6 ( film ) .
ryan potter starred in big hero 6 ( film ) . walt disney studios motion pictures the distributor of the film , big hero 6 ( film ) 6 . baymax series big hero 6 ( film )
blockbuster ( comicscharacter ) was created by gardner fox . blockbuster ( comicscharacter ) is also known as mark desmond . blockbuster ( comicscharacter ) was created by carmine infantino .
bolt ( comicscharacter ) is also known as larry bolatinsky . bolt ( comicscharacter ) was created by dan mishkin . bolt ( comicscharacter ) was created by gary cohn ( comics ) .
bolt ( comicscharacter ) was created by ernie colon . bolt ( comicscharacter ) is also known as larry bolatinsky . bolt ( comicscharacter ) was created by gary cohn ( comics ) .
103 colmore row is located in birmingham . 103 colmore row was completed in 1976 . 1973 was the start date for the building at 103 colmore row . there are 23 floors at 103 colmore row .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa . asian south africans are an ethnic group in the united south africa . cape town is the capital of south africa . coloured are an ethnic group in the united south africa .
200 public square is located in cleveland . cleveland is part of cuyahoga county , ohio . cleveland is located in united states . cleveland ' s governing body is cleveland city council .
250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo , new york . 250 delaware avenue 110 million ( dollars ) . 250 delaware avenue has a floor area of 30843 . 8 ( square metres ) . there are 12 floors at 250 delaware avenue .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago . rahm emanuel is the leader of chicago . chicago is part of cook county , illinois . chicago is located in united states .
300 north lasalle is located in illinois . 300 north lasalle has a floor area of 120770 . 0 ( square metres ) . 300 north lasalle was completed in 2009 . there are 60 floors at 300 north lasalle .
3arena is owned by live nation entertainment . dublin is part of republic of ireland . 3arena is located in dublin . dublin is part of leinster .
marriott marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen . ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in copenhagen . the architect of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is 3xn . there are 23 floors at ac hotel bella sky copenhagen .
adare manor is located in adare . county limerick is part of munster . adare manor is located in county limerick . county limerick is governed by the limerick limerick city and county council council .
akita museum of art is located in japan . akita museum of art is located in akita , akita . akita , akita is part of akita prefecture . brazilians in japan are an ethnic group in the united japan .
akita museum of art is located in japan . akita museum of art is located in akita , akita . akita , akita is part of akita prefecture . filipinos in japan are an ethnic group in the united japan .
akita museum of art is located in japan . akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture . vietnamese people in japan are an ethnic group in the united japan . akita museum of art is located in akita , akita .
akita museum of art is located in japan . brazilians in japan are an ethnic group in the united japan . akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture . akita museum of art is located in akita , akita .
alan b . miller hall is owned by college of william & mary . alan b . miller hall was completed in 1 june 2009 . alan b . miller hall is located on 101 ukrop way . alan b . miller hall is located in williamsburg , virginia .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat . amdavad ni gufa is located in india . narendra modi is the leader of india . sumitra mahajan is the leader of india .
asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove , california . asilomar conference grounds were added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 - 02 - 27 . asilomar conference grounds has the reference number 87000823 in the national register of historic places . asilomar conference grounds was built in 1913 .
asser levy public baths is located in avenue a ( manhattan ) . asser levy public baths has the reference number 80002709 in the national register of historic places . asser levy public baths was built in 1904 . asser levy public baths were added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1980 - 04 - 23 .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city . cyrus vance , jr . is the leader of manhattan . new york city is part of manhattan . new york city is part of brooklyn .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city . new york city is located in united states . gale brewer is the leader of manhattan . new york city is part of manhattan .
antioch , birmingham has postal codes b postcode area . the architect of 103 colmore row is john madin . john madin was born in birmingham . andrew mitchell is the leader of birmingham .
antioch , birmingham has postal codes b postcode area . the architect of 103 colmore row is john madin . john madin was born in birmingham . labour party ( uk ) is the leader of birmingham .
anandiben patel is the leader of gujarat . amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat . amdavad ni gufa is located in india . sumitra mahajan is the leader of india .
t . s . thakur is the leader of india . amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat . amdavad ni gufa is located in india . narendra modi is the leader of india .
brazilians in japan are an ethnic group in the united japan . akita prefecture is located in japan . akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture . akita museum of art is located in akita , akita .
the london , is led by the provincial parliament of the united kingdom . 20 fenchurch street is located in united kingdom . london is the capital of united kingdom . elizabeth ii is the leader of united kingdom .
english language is spoken in united states . the united states , is led by the provincial president of the united states . joe biden is the leader of united states . 250 delaware avenue is located in united states .
11th mississippi infantry monument is located in united states . 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the state of pennsylvania . 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 . 11th mississippi infantry monument falls under the category of contributing property .
baku is the capital of azerbaijan . the azerbaijan , is led by the provincial prime minister of azerbaijan . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan . artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan .
baku is the capital of azerbaijan . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan . turk sehitleri aniti is the native name of baku turkish martyrs ' memorial .
monocacy national battlefield is located in frederick county , maryland . 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument was established in 1907 - 07 - 11 . 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the district of monocacy national battlefield . the city nearest monocacy national battlefield is frederick , maryland , maryland .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey . ankara is the capital of turkey . ataturk monument ( izmir ) is made bronze . ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey .
the turkey , is led by the provincial president of turkey . ataturk monument ( izmir ) was designed by pietro canonica . alan b . ataturk monument ( izmir ) hall was in augurated on 1932 - 07 - 27 . ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey .
albany , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) . english language is spoken in united states . albany , georgia is located in united states . native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states .
the area code of albuquerque , new mexico , indiana is 505 , 575 . the land area , of albuquerque , new mexico ( new mexico ) , is 486 . 2 ( square kilometres ) . albuquerque , new mexico , texas has a total area of 490 . 9 ( square kilometres ) . albuquerque , new mexico , texas has a population density of 1142 . 3 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
alpharetta , georgia is located in united states . alpharetta , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) . alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia . atlanta is the county seat fulton county , georgia , in indiana .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas . potter county , texas is located in united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas . potter county , texas is located in the state of texas . amarillo , texas is located in united states . austin , texas is the capital of texas .
the anaheim , california , is led by the provincial california state assembly . anaheim , california is part of california . california state assembly is located in california state capitol . spanish language is spoken in california .
anderson , indiana , texas has a population density of 523 . 9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . anderson , indiana , texas has a total area of 107 . 43 ( square kilometres ) . anderson , indiana , indiana is located at 268 . 0 above sea level . anderson , indiana is part of adams , fall creek , lafayette , richland , union .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana . angola , indiana is located in united states . angola , indiana is part of indiana . angola , indiana , texas has a total area of 16 . 55 ( square kilometres ) .
anaheim , antioch , california has a utc offset of - 7 . antioch , california , ca has 102372 people inhabiting it . the area code of antioch , california , indiana is 925 . antioch , california , texas has a total area of 75 . 324 ( square kilometres ) .
atlantic city , new jersey , texas has a population density of 1421 . 2 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . the area code of atlantic city , new jersey , indiana is 609 . the atlantic city , new jersey , is led by the provincial mayors of atlantic city , new jersey . atlantic city , new jersey , texas has a total area of 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama . auburn , alabama is located in united states . lee county , alabama is located in the state of alabama . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama . lee county , alabama is located in united states . lee county , alabama is located in the state of alabama . african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . pierce county , washington is located in united states . auburn , washington is part of king county , washington .
auburn , washington is part of washington ( state ) . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . auburn , washington is located in united states . auburn , washington is part of king county , washington .
austin , texas is part of texas . houston is the largest city in texas . san marcos , texas is the county seat hays county , texas , in indiana . austin , texas is part of hays county , texas .
chinese language is spoken in california . the anaheim , california , is led by the provincial california state assembly . anaheim , california is part of california . california state assembly is located in california state capitol .
georgia ( u . s . state ) is located in united states . alpharetta , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) . alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia . atlanta is the county seat fulton county , georgia , in indiana .
indianapolis is the capital of indiana . anderson , indiana is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana . lafayette township , madison county , indiana is located in united states . anderson , indiana is part of indiana .
english language is spoken in texas . arlington , texas is part of texas . texas is located in united states . houston is the largest city in texas .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon . albany , oregon is located in united states . african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . new jersey is located in united states . new york city is the largest city in united states . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . the united states , is led by the provincial president of the united states . the leader of united states is barack obama . albuquerque , new mexico is located in united states .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . the albuquerque , new mexico , is led by the provincial new mexico senate . the leader of new mexico senate is john sanchez . albuquerque , new mexico is located in united states .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon . albany , oregon is located in united states .
native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . the leader of united states is barack obama . the albuquerque , new mexico , is led by the provincial mayor of albuquerque . albuquerque , new mexico is located in united states .
english language is spoken in united states . albany , georgia is located in united states . native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . albany , georgia is part of united states .
english language is spoken in united states . angola , indiana is part of indiana . angola , indiana is located in united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
english language is spoken in united states . angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana . angola , indiana is located in united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
jens hartel manages 1 . fc magdeburg . jens hartel plays for sv babelsberg 03 . jens hartel plays for 1 . fc union berlin . jens hartel plays for fsv zwickau .
rolando maran manages a . c . chievo verona . rolando maran plays for f . c . bari 1908 . michele rolando maran was born in italy . rolando maran plays for carrarese calcio .
michele marcolini manages a . c . lumezzane . michele michele marcolini was born in italy . michele marcolini plays for torino f . c . . michele marcolini plays for a . c . chievo verona .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members . antonis milionis is the chairman of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis . a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis ground is in efxeinoupoli . a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis play in a epsth 2nd group .
stuart parker ( footballer ) manages a . f . c . blackpool . the leader of blackpool is conservative party ( uk ) . stuart parker ( footballer ) plays for stockport county f . c . . a . f . c . blackpool ground is in blackpool .
stuart parker ( footballer ) manages a . f . c . blackpool . the leader of blackpool is gordon marsden . stuart parker ( footballer ) plays for stockport county f . c . . a . f . c . blackpool ground is in blackpool .
a . f . c . fylde ground is in warton , fylde , lancashire . a . f . c . fylde played in the 2014 season . a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members . the full name of a . f . c . fylde is " association football club fylde " .
a . f . c . fylde played in the 2014 season . a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members . the full name of a . f . c . fylde is " association football club fylde " . a . f . c . fylde ground is in bryning lane .
paulo sousa manages acf fiorentina . paulo sousa plays for juventus f . c . . paulo sousa plays for maccabi tel aviv f . c . . paulo sousa plays for inter milan .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members . aek athens f . c . ground is in greece . aek athens f . c . play in superleague greece . aek athens f . c . played in the 2014 season .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ground is in sportpark de toekomst . sportpark de toekomst is operated by afc ajax . sportpark de toekomst is owned by afc ajax n . v . . marriott jong ajax is the tenant of sportpark de toekomst .
the nickname of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is joden , godenzonen . afc ajax ( amateurs ) played in the 2014 season . afc ajax ( amateurs ) has 5000 members . the full name of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is " amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs " .
john van den brom manages az alkmaar . john van den brom plays for vitesse arnhem . john van den brom plays for afc ajax . john van den brom plays for netherlands national football team .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in campeonato brasileiro serie c . agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ground is in estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca . estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca is located in alagoas . the name of the championship football team in the campeonato brasileiro serie c os the vila nova futebol clube fk .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in campeonato brasileiro serie c . campeonato brasileiro serie c is located in brazil . agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ground is in estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca . estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca is located in alagoas .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in campeonato brasileiro serie c . campeonato brasileiro serie c is located in brazil . agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ground is in estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca . estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca is located in arapiraca .
akron summit assault ground is in st . vincent - st . mary high school . st . vincent - st . mary high school is located in united states . akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio . st . vincent - st . mary high school is located in the city of akron , ohio .
the leader of italy is pietro grasso . rome is the capital of italy . the leader of italy is sergio mattarella . a . s . gubbio 1910 ground is in italy .
peter stoger plays for sk vorwarts steyr . peter stoger plays for fc admira wacker modling . peter stoger manages 1 . fc koln . peter stoger plays for fk austria wien .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas . the runway length of abilene regional airport is 2194 . 0 . abilene regional airport is elevated 546 metres above sea level . 17l / 35r is the runway name of abilene regional airport .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york . the runway length of adirondack regional airport is 2003 . 0 . adirondack regional airport is elevated 507 metres above sea level . adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york .
18l / 36r is the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport . the runway length of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is 3500 . 0 . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is operated by enaire .
agra airport is located in india . agra airport is operated by indian air force . agra agra airport iata location identifier is agr . the icao location identifier of agra airport is viag .
al asad airbase is operated by united states air force . al asad airbase is located in iraq . the runway length of al asad airbase is 3990 . 0 . 08 / 26 is the runway name of al asad airbase .
al asad airbase is operated by united states air force . the runway length of al asad airbase is 3990 . 0 . al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq . 09r / 27l is the runway name of al asad airbase .
al asad airbase is operated by united states air force . one of the noted united states air force air force battles was the invasion of grenada of grenada . lockheed ac - 130 can be found on united states air force . united states air force air force aircraft fighter mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan . the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 2900 . 0 . allama iqbal international airport is operated by pakistan civil aviation authority . allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam . 09 / 27 ' buitenveldertbaan ' is the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol . the runway length of amsterdam airport schiphol is 2014 . 0 . amsterdam airport schiphol is elevated - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam . 18l / 36r ' aalsmeerbaan ' is the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol . the runway length of amsterdam airport schiphol is 2014 . 0 . amsterdam airport schiphol is elevated - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is located in texas . the runway length of andrews county airport is 929 . 0 . andrews county airport serves the city of andrews , texas . andrews county airport is elevated 973 . 0 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is located in texas . austin , texas is the capital of texas . tejano texas texas is located in united states .
andrews county airport is located in texas . austin , texas is the capital of texas . english language is spoken in texas . texas is located in united states .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo . icolo e bengo is located in angola . angola international airport serves the city of luanda . icolo e bengo is part of luanda province .
antwerp international airport is operated by flemish government . antwerp international airport is owned by flemish region . antwerp international airport is elevated 12 . 0 metres above sea level . the runway length of antwerp international airport is 600 . 0 .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines . turkmenistan airlines is headquartered at jinnah turkmenistan airport . the hub airport for turkmenistan airlines airlines is turkmenbashi international airport airport . turkmenistan airlines is headquartered at jinnah ashgabat airport .
athens international airport serves the city of athens . athens international airport is located in spata . athens international airport is elevated 94 metres above sea level . the runway length of athens international airport is 3800 . 0 .
atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city , new jersey . atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey . egg harbor township , new jersey is located in united states . don guardian is the leader of atlantic city , new jersey .
atlantic city international airport is owned by south jersey transportation authority . stephen dilts is the leader of south jersey transportation authority . atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey . egg harbor township , new jersey is located in united states .
charles michel is the leader of belgium . antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp . german language is spoken in belgium . antwerp is located in belgium .
philippe of belgium is the leader of belgium . antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp . french language is spoken in belgium . antwerp is located in belgium .
harrietstown , new york is located in united states . saranac lake , new york is part of harrietstown , new york . saranac lake , new york is part of essex county , new york . adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york .
kurdish languages is spoken in iraq . fuad masum is the leader of iraq . al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah . fallujah is located in iraq .
haider al - abadi is the leader of iraq . kurdish languages is spoken in iraq . al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah . fallujah is located in iraq .
lahore is located in pakistan . allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan . allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore . malik muhammad rafique rajwana is the leader of punjab , pakistan .
poaceae belongs to the division of flowering plant . the 1st runway at alderney airport airport is made from poaceae . poaceae belongs to the order of commelinids . poaceae class is monocotyledon .
rona rona fairhead is the key person for bbc . bananaman broadcastedby bbc one of the products of bcc is bbc bbc radio . bbc is located in broadcasting house .
jill shilling starred in bananaman . bananaman was created by steve bright . bananaman firstaired 1983 - 10 - 03 bananaman broadcastedby stv
ryan potter starred in big hero 6 ( film ) . duncan rouleau is from the americans states . baymax was created by duncan rouleau . baymax series big hero 6 ( film )
bolt ( comicscharacter ) was created by gary cohn ( comics ) . ernie colon is from the puerto ricans states . bolt ( comicscharacter ) was created by ernie colon . bolt ( comicscharacter ) is also known as larry bolatinsky .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by eric flint . eric flint was born in burbank , california . 1634 : the bavarian crisis by 1634 : the grantville gazette iii affair . 1634 : the bavarian crisis by 1634 : the demarce short stories in the the grantville gazettes affair .
1634 : the ram rebellion is available in e - book . 1634 : the ram rebellion has 512 pages . 1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint , virginia demarce , et al . . the isbn number of 1634 : the ram rebellion 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0
aids ( journal ) is located in united kingdom . lippincott williams & wilkins is the publisher of aids ( journal ) . lippincott williams & wilkins is the parent company of the wolters kluwer press . elizabeth ii is the leader of united kingdom .
a fortress of grey ice is available in hardcover . the oclc number of a fortress of grey ice is 51969173 . a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones . the isbn number of a fortress of grey ice 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong . the oclc number of a loyal character dancer is 49805501 . the isbn number of a loyal character dancer 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 a loyal character dancer is available in hardcover .
english language is spoken in a loyal character dancer . english language is spoken in great great britain . a loyal character dancer is located in united states . native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states .
soho press is the publisher of a loyal character dancer . soho press is located in united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . english language is spoken in united states .
a wizard of mars is available in hardcover . a wizard of mars has 560 pages . a wizard of mars was written by diane duane . the isbn number of a wizard of mars 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2
the lccn number of acta mathematica hungarica is 83646315 . acta mathematica hungarica is abbreviated acta math . hungar . . pol . the academic discipline of acta mathematica hungarica is mathematics . the issn number of acta mathematica hungarica is 0236 - 5294 .
the lccn number of acta palaeontologica polonica is 60040714 . the academic discipline of acta palaeontologica polonica is paleobiology . acta palaeontologica polonica is abbreviated acta palaeontol . pol . . pol . the issn number of acta palaeontologica polonica is 0567 - 7920 .
polish academy of sciences is the publisher of acta palaeontologica polonica . the issn number of acta palaeontologica polonica is 1732 - 2421 . the lccn number of acta palaeontologica polonica is 60040714 . acta palaeontologica polonica is abbreviated acta palaeontol . pol . . pol .
cornell university is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . cornell university is affiliated with association of public and land - grant universities . cornell university is affiliated with association of american universities . cornell university is located in the state of new york .
cornell university is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . cornell university is affiliated with association of public and land - grant universities . cornell university is located in the state of new york . cornell university is located in the city of ithaca , new york .
aenir has 233 pages . aenir was written by garth nix . the isbn number of aenir 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 aenir is available in paperback .
english language is spoken in alcatraz versus the evil librarians . english language is spoken in great great britain . alcatraz versus the evil librarians is located in united states . african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
johns hopkins university press is the publisher of american journal of mathematics . johns hopkins university press is located in united states . johns hopkins university press is the parent company of the johns hopkins university press . american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878 .
english language is spoken in great great britain . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . english language is spoken in united states . alcatraz versus the evil librarians is located in united states .
barack obama is the leader of united states . english language is spoken in a wizard of mars . english language is spoken in great great britain . a wizard of mars is located in united states .
barack obama is the leader of united states . english language is spoken in a wizard of mars . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . a wizard of mars is located in united states .
barack obama is the leader of united states . english language is spoken in great great britain . english language is spoken in united states . a wizard of mars is located in united states .
barack obama is the leader of united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . english language is spoken in united states . a severed wasp is located in united states .
alan bean is from the united states states . alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . alan bean spent 100305 . 0 ( minutes ) in space . alan bean was chosen by nasa in 1963 .
alan shepard was a part of the crew of apollo 14 12 . distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) from the navy is higher than the department of department of commerce gold medal . apollo 14 is operated by nasa . the number of buzz alan shepard ' s awards are distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) .
chris patten served as a representative of british hong kong . william anders was a part of the crew of apollo 8 12 . william anders was born in british hong kong . frank frank borman was a member of the crew on apollo 8 8 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz aldrin was a part of the crew of apollo 11 12 . massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 is buzz aldrin almamater . buzz aldrin is retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz aldrin was chosen by nasa in 1963 . buzz aldrin was a part of the crew of apollo 11 12 . buzz aldrin was a test fighter pilot .
buzz aldrin was a part of the crew of apollo 11 12 . buzz aldrin ' s full name was " edwin eugene aldrin jr . " . the number of buzz buzz aldrin ' s awards are 20 . apollo 11 is operated by nasa .
distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) from the navy is higher than the department of department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard died in california . alan shepard was born in new hampshire . the number of buzz alan shepard ' s awards are distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) .
distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) from the navy is higher than the department of department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard died in california . the senator representing california was dianne feinstein . the number of buzz alan shepard ' s awards are distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) .
university of texas at austin is elliot see almamater . elliot see died in st . louis . elliot see was born in dallas . elliot see is from the united states states .
william anders was a test fighter pilot . william anders was a part of the crew of apollo 8 12 . apollo 8 is operated by nasa . william anders was chosen by nasa in 1963 .
awh engineering college is located in india . awh engineering college was established in 2001 . awh engineering college is located in the city of kuttikkattoor . the ganges is a river in india .
acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . visvesvaraya technological university is located in the city of belgaum . acharya institute of technology is located in india . acharya institute of technology campus in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 .
acharya institute of technology is located in the city of bangalore . dr . g . p . prabhukumar is the director of acharya institute of technology . acharya institute of technology is located in india . acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
all india council for technical education was proud to give the technical campus status to acharya institute of technology . all india council for technical education is located in mumbai . tennis is one of the sports offered at acharya institute of technology . the sport tennis has a governing body called international tennis federation .
alba iulia is part of alba county . bucharest is the capital of romania . 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the city of alba iulia . 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania .
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark . aarhus is governed by the limerick magistrate council .
kochi is the leader of kerala . the academic staff at the awh awh engineering college college number 250 . awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala . awh engineering college is located in the city of kuttikkattoor .
germans of romania are an ethnic group in the united romania . bucharest is the capital of romania . 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the anthem of romania is called desteapta - te , romane ! romane .
klaus iohannis is the leader of romania . alba iulia is located in romania . bucharest is the capital of romania . 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the city of alba iulia .
amatriciana sauce is from the lazio region . amatriciana sauce is located in italy . tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce . the main ingredients of amatriciana sauce are tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil .
arrabbiata sauce is located in italy . rome is the capital of italy . pietro grasso is the leader of italy . sergio mattarella is the leader of italy .
arros negre is located in spain . the main ingredients of arros negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers . arros negre is from the catalonia region . cuttlefish is an ingredient in arros negre .
arros negre is located in spain . the main ingredients of arros negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers . arros negre is from the catalonia region . white rice is an ingredient in arros negre .
arros negre is located in spain . spaniards are an ethnic group in the united spain . arros negre is from the catalonia region . parliament of catalonia is the leader of catalonia .
asam pedas is located in malaysia . malaysian malay are an ethnic group in the united malaysia . batak are an ethnic group in the united sumatra . asam pedas is from the sumatra region .
asam pedas is located in malaysia . minangkabau people are an ethnic group in the united sumatra . asam pedas is from the sumatra region . malays ( ethnic group ) are an ethnic group in the united sumatra .
bacon explosion is located in united states . barack obama is the leader of united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states .
bacon explosion is located in united states . john roberts is the leader of united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states .
ketchup is an ingredient in bacon sandwich . blt is a variation of club sandwich . bacon sandwich is a variation of blt . bacon sandwich is located in united kingdom .
the main ingredients of bacon sandwich are bread and bacon , with a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce . bacon sandwich is located in united kingdom . bacon sandwich is also known as bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin . condiment is an ingredient in bacon sandwich .
baked alaska is a dessert . dessert is a variation of cookie . african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . baked alaska is located in united states .
the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding . baked alaska is from the paris , new york or hong kong region . baked alaska is located in united states . sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska .
baked alaska is from the hong kong region . the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding . baked alaska is located in france , united states or china . meringue is an ingredient in baked alaska .
baked alaska is from the hong kong region . the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding . baked alaska is located in united states . ice cream is an ingredient in baked alaska .
bakewell pudding is from the derbyshire dales region . bakewell pudding is a variation of bakewell tart . derbyshire dales is part of derbyshire . fruit preserves is an ingredient in bakewell tart .
tapioca is an ingredient in bakso . bakso is located in indonesia . the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots . bakso is from the nationwide in indonesia , also popular in neighboring southeast asian countries region .
bakso is from the indonesia region . noodle is an ingredient in bakso . bakso is located in indonesia . the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots .
kidney bean is an ingredient in bandeja paisa . the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon . bandeja paisa is from the paisa region region . bandeja paisa is located in colombian cuisine .
the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon . bandeja paisa is from the paisa region region . bandeja paisa is located in colombian cuisine . hogao is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
barny cakes is located in france . french language is spoken in france . gerard larcher is the leader of france . francois hollande is the leader of france .
batagor is located in indonesia . batagor is a variation of siomay . siomay is a variation of shumai . shiitake is an ingredient in shumai .
batchoy is located in philippines . the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef . pork is an ingredient in batchoy . batchoy is from the la paz , iloilo city region .
chicken is an ingredient in batchoy . batchoy is located in philippines . batchoy is a soup . the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
beef kway teow is located in singapore . the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil . beef kway teow is from the nationwide in singapore and indonesia region . sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow .
beef kway teow is from the singapore region . beef kway teow is located in singapore and indonesia . standard chinese is spoken in singapore . halimah yacob is the leader of singapore .
beef kway teow is from the singapore region . the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil . beef kway teow is located in indonesia . sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow .
bhajji is located in india . bhajji is from the karnataka region . bhajji is also known as bhaji , bajji . vegetable is an ingredient in bhajji .
bhajji is from the karnataka region . the main ingredients of bhajji are gram flour , vegetables . bhajji is also known as bhaji , bajji . vegetable is an ingredient in bhajji .
sweet potato is an ingredient in binignit . sweet potato belongs to the division of flowering plant . the main ingredients of binignit are sago . sweet potato belongs to the order of solanales .
binignit is from the visayas region . the main ingredients of binignit are coconut milk . binignit is located in philippines . sago is an ingredient in binignit .
bionico is located in mexico . bionico is a dessert . bionico is from the jalisco region . granola is an ingredient in bionico .
bionico is located in mexico . the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut , raisins . bionico is from the guadalajara region . sour cream is an ingredient in bionico .
bionico is located in mexico . silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico . bionico is a dessert . dessert is a variation of cookie .
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia . bakso is from the indonesia region . tapioca is an ingredient in bakso . bakso is located in indonesia .
baduy are an ethnic group in the united java . ayam penyet is from the singapore region . tony tan is the leader of singapore . ayam penyet is located in java .
ilocano people are an ethnic group in the united philippines . zamboangans are an ethnic group in the united philippines . philippine spanish is spoken in philippines . batchoy is located in philippines .
arabic is spoken in philippines . zamboangans are an ethnic group in the united philippines . batchoy is located in philippines . igorot people are an ethnic group in the united philippines .
philippine english is spoken in philippines . binignit is a dessert . dessert is a variation of cookie . binignit is located in philippines .
philippine english is spoken in philippines . binignit is a dessert . dessert is a variation of sandesh ( confectionery ) . binignit is located in philippines .
1634 : the bavarian crisis by 1634 : ring of fire ii . english language is spoken in ring of fire ii . 1634 : the bavarian crisis by 1634 : the grantville gazette ii affair . 1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by virginia demarce and eric flint . grantville gazette ii by 1634 : the the grantville gazette affair .
cornell university is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . cornell university is affiliated with association of public and land - grant universities . cornell university is affiliated with association of american universities . the president of cornell university is elizabeth garrett . cornell university is located in the city of ithaca , new york .
english language is spoken in great great britain . soho press is the publisher of a loyal character dancer . a loyal character dancer is located in united states . african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . english language is spoken in united states .
english language is spoken in great great britain . soho press is the publisher of a loyal character dancer . a loyal character dancer is located in united states . native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . english language is spoken in united states .
english language is spoken in great great britain . soho press is the publisher of a loyal character dancer . soho press is located in united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . english language is spoken in united states .
english language is spoken in great great britain . english language is spoken in united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . a severed wasp is located in united states . native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states .
into battle ( novel ) is located in australians . into battle ( novel ) by 1634 : the violet keystone . above the veil by 1634 : into battle ( novel ) . above the veil by 1634 : the aenir affair . aenir by 1634 : the castle ( novel ) affair .
barack obama is the leader of united states . english language is spoken in a severed wasp . english language is spoken in great great britain . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . a severed wasp is located in united states .
barack obama is the leader of united states . english language is spoken in great great britain . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . english language is spoken in united states . a severed wasp is located in united states .
barack obama is the leader of united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . 1634 : the ram rebellion is located in united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . 1634 : the ram rebellion by 1634 : the 1634 : the galileo affair affair .
barack obama is the leader of united states . americans united states washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . 1634 : the ram rebellion is located in united states . african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
the united states , is led by the provincial president of the united states . english language is spoken in great great britain . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . english language is spoken in united states . a wizard of mars is located in united states .
albany , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) . the united states , is led by the provincial president of the united states . americans united states asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . albany , georgia is located in united states .
alpharetta , georgia is located in united states . native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . atlanta is the largest city in fulton county , georgia . alpharetta , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) . alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas . potter county , texas is located in the state of texas . texas is located in united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . english language is spoken in united states .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas . english language is spoken in texas . potter county , texas is located in the state of texas . amarillo , texas is located in united states . austin , texas is the capital of texas .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas . english language is spoken in texas . potter county , texas is located in the state of texas . potter county , texas is located in united states . austin , texas is the capital of texas .
anderson , indiana is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana . fall creek township , madison county , indiana is located in united states . anderson , indiana is part of anderson township , madison county , indiana . anderson , indiana , texas has a population density of 523 . 9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . anderson , indiana , texas has a total area of 107 . 43 ( square kilometres ) .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california . antioch , california is part of california . english language is spoken in california . contra costa county , california is part of san francisco bay area . the antioch , california , is led by the provincial california ' s 11th state assembly district .
the land area , of atlanta ( new mexico ) , is 344 . 9 ( square kilometres ) . atlanta , texas has a population density of 1299 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . the area code of atlanta , indiana is 404 . atlanta is part of dekalb county , georgia . atlanta , texas has a total area of 347 . 1 ( square kilometres ) .
attica , indiana is part of united states . attica , indiana , texas has a total area of 4 . 14 ( square kilometres ) . attica , indiana , indiana is located at 166 . 0 above sea level . attica , indiana is part of logan township , fountain county , indiana . attica , indiana , texas has a population density of 783 . 1 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama . alabama is located in united states . lee county , alabama is located in the state of alabama . african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington . auburn , washington is located in united states . auburn , washington is part of king county , washington . auburn , washington , texas has a population density of 914 . 8 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . auburn , washington , texas has a total area of 77 . 41 ( square kilometres ) .
austin , texas is part of texas . english language is spoken in texas . austin , texas is part of williamson county , texas . round rock , texas is the largest city in williamson county , texas . georgetown , texas is the county seat williamson county , texas , in indiana .
austin , texas is part of texas . houston is the largest city in texas . san marcos , texas is the county seat hays county , texas , in indiana . austin , texas is part of hays county , texas . english language is spoken in texas .
austin , texas is part of texas . houston is the largest city in texas . spanish language is spoken in texas . san marcos , texas is the county seat hays county , texas , in indiana . austin , texas is part of hays county , texas .
indianapolis is the capital of indiana . alexandria , indiana is part of indiana . indiana is located in united states . english americans is spoken in indiana . alexandria , indiana is part of madison county , indiana .
fort worth , texas is the county seat tarrant county , texas , in indiana . spanish language is spoken in texas . arlington , texas is part of tarrant county , texas . arlington , texas is part of texas . houston is the largest city in texas .
fort worth , texas is the largest city in tarrant county , texas . austin , texas is the capital of texas . arlington , texas is part of tarrant county , texas . arlington , texas is part of texas . texas is located in united states .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . white americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . new jersey is located in united states . new york city is the largest city in united states . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
americans united states washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . albany , oregon is located in united states . native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . albany , oregon is part of linn county , oregon .
americans united states asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . albany , oregon is part of oregon . albany , oregon is located in united states .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . english language is spoken in united states . angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana . americans united states angola , indiana is located in united states .
native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama . lee county , alabama is located in united states . lee county , alabama is located in the state of alabama . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states .
native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama . opelika , alabama is the county seat lee county , alabama , in indiana . lee county , alabama is located in united states . auburn , alabama is part of alabama .
native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . newark , new jersey is the largest city in new jersey . trenton , new jersey is the capital of new jersey . new jersey is located in united states . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
english language is spoken in united states . albuquerque , new mexico is part of new mexico . the united states , is led by the provincial president of the united states . the leader of united states is barack obama . albuquerque , new mexico is located in united states .
english language is spoken in united states . angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana . americans united states angola , indiana is located in united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
the leader of united states is barack obama . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . akron , ohio is located in united states . akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio .
the united states , is led by the provincial president of the united states . americans united states albany , georgia is located in united states . albany , georgia is part of united states . african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
11th mississippi infantry monument is located in united states . 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in seminary ridge . 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 . 11th mississippi infantry monument falls under the category of contributing property . 11th mississippi infantry monument is in the municipality of gettysburg , gettysburg , pennsylvania .
adams county , pennsylvania has to its southeast carroll county , maryland adams county , adams county , pennsylvania has cumberland county , cumberland county , pennsylvania to its north . frederick county , maryland , maryland is to the southwest of adams county , adams county , pennsylvania . 11th mississippi infantry monument falls under the category of contributing property . 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania .
baku is the capital of azerbaijan . the azerbaijan , is led by the provincial prime minister of azerbaijan . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan . artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan .
baku is the capital of azerbaijan . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan . artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan . national assembly ( azerbaijan ) dictates the legislature of azerbaijan .
the turkey , is led by the provincial president of turkey . the leader of turkey is ahmet davutoglu . ankara is the capital of turkey . istanbul is the largest city in turkey . ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey .
awh engineering college was established in 2001 . the academic staff at the awh awh engineering college college number 250 . awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala . kerala has to its northwest mahe , india awh engineering college is located in the city of kuttikkattoor .
acharya institute of technology is located in the city of bangalore . dr . g . p . prabhukumar is the director of acharya institute of technology . the number of post graduate students at acharya institute of technology is about 700 . acharya institute of technology campus in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
the president of acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy . acharya institute of technology is located in the city of bangalore . acharya institute of technology is located in india . the number of post graduate students at acharya institute of technology is about 700 . acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
the headquarters of the european university association association is in brussels . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark . the denmark , is led by the provincial monarchy of denmark . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with european university association .
mumbai is the largest city in india . awh engineering college is located in india . awh engineering college was established in 2001 . the academic staff at the awh awh engineering college college number 250 . awh engineering college is located in the city of kuttikkattoor .
mumbai is the largest city in india . awh engineering college is located in india . kochi is the leader of kerala . awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala . the ganges is a river in india .
the academic staff at the awh school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university college number 737 . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . the headquarters of the european university association association is in brussels . aarhus has to its northeast mols . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with european university association . aarhus is governed by the limerick magistrate council .
duncan rouleau is from the americans states . baymax was created by duncan rouleau . alan tudyk starred in big hero 6 ( film ) . baymax was created by steven t . seagle . baymax series big hero 6 ( film )
michele marcolini manages a . c . lumezzane . a . c . lumezzane ground is in italy . the leader of italy is pietro grasso . michele marcolini plays for f . c . bari 1908 . michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio .
stuart parker ( footballer ) manages a . f . c . blackpool . stuart parker ( footballer ) plays for chesterfield f . c . . stuart parker ( footballer ) plays for stockport county f . c . . a . f . c . blackpool ground is in blackpool . the leader of blackpool is labour party ( uk ) .
a . s . gubbio 1910 play in serie d . the leader of italy is sergio mattarella . a . s . gubbio 1910 ground is in italy . italian language is spoken in italy . the name of the championship football team in the serie d os the s . s . robur siena fk .
gus poyet manages aek athens f . c . . gus poyet plays for real zaragoza . olympic stadium ( athens ) is located in marousi . aek athens f . c . ground is in olympic stadium ( athens ) . gus poyet plays for chelsea f . c . .
the leader of italy is pietro grasso . italians italy rome is the capital of italy . a . s . gubbio 1910 ground is in italy . italian language is spoken in italy .
the official language of italy is italian language . italians italy rome is the capital of italy . the leader of italy is sergio mattarella . a . s . gubbio 1910 ground is in italy .
arem - arem is located in indonesia . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia . arem - arem is from the nationwide in indonesia , but more specific to java region . the indonesian rupiah is the currency in indonesia . indonesian language is spoken in indonesia .
asam pedas is located in malaysia . malaysian chinese are an ethnic group in the united malaysia . malaysian malay are an ethnic group in the united malaysia . kuala lumpur is the capital of malaysia . asam pedas is from the sumatra and malay peninsula region .
asam pedas is located in malaysia . malaysian malay are an ethnic group in the united malaysia . kuala lumpur is the capital of malaysia . malaysian indian are an ethnic group in the united malaysia . asam pedas is from the sumatra and malay peninsula region .
asam pedas is located in malaysia . malaysian malay are an ethnic group in the united malaysia . kuala lumpur is the capital of malaysia . malaysian indian are an ethnic group in the united malaysia . asam pedas is from the sumatra region .
asam pedas is located in malaysia . malaysian malay are an ethnic group in the united malaysia . abu zahar ujang is the leader of malaysia . malaysian indian are an ethnic group in the united malaysia . asam pedas is from the malay peninsula region .
bacon explosion is located in united states . the main ingredients of bacon explosion are bacon , sausage . bacon is an ingredient in bacon explosion . bacon explosion is from the kansas city metropolitan area region . the main ingredients of bacon explosion are sausage .
bacon explosion is located in united states . white americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . paul ryan is the leader of united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . english language is spoken in united states .
bacon sandwich is a variation of blt . the main ingredients of bacon sandwich are bread and bacon , with a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce . bacon sandwich is located in united kingdom . ketchup is an ingredient in bacon sandwich . bacon sandwich is also known as bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin .
baked alaska is located in france . manuel valls is the leader of france . gerard larcher is the leader of france . french language is spoken in france . baked alaska is from the hong kong region .
lemon is an ingredient in bandeja paisa . antioquia department is located in colombia . lemon belongs to the order of rosids . lemon is part of the rutaceae family . bandeja paisa is from the antioquia department region .
barny cakes is located in france . gerard larcher is the leader of france . french language is spoken in france . francois hollande is the leader of france . sponge cake is an ingredient in barny cakes .
batagor is located in indonesia . joko widodo is the leader of indonesia . batagor is a variation of siomay . peanut sauce is an ingredient in siomay . batagor is a variation of shumai .
batagor is located in indonesia . joko widodo is the leader of indonesia . shiitake is an ingredient in shumai . batagor is a variation of siomay . siomay is a variation of shumai .
batagor is located in indonesia . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia . shiitake is an ingredient in shumai . batagor is a variation of shumai . batagor is a variation of siomay .
bhajji is located in india . bhajji is from the karnataka region . the main ingredients of bhajji are gram flour , vegetables . bhajji is also known as bhaji , bajji . gram flour is an ingredient in bhajji .
bhajji is located in india . indian people india t . s . thakur is the leader of india . bhajji is from the karnataka region . vajubhai vala is the leader of karnataka .
bhajji is located in india . indian people india t . s . thakur is the leader of india . sumitra mahajan is the leader of india . bhajji is from the karnataka region .
bionico is located in mexico . bionico is a dessert . the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut , raisins . bionico is from the guadalajara region . sour cream is an ingredient in bionico .
bionico is located in mexico . spanish language is spoken in mexico . enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico . bionico is a variation of honey . bionico is a dessert .
bionico is located in mexico . silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico . bionico is from the jalisco region . bionico is a variation of honey . bionico is a dessert .
carles puigdemont is the leader of catalonia . arros negre is located in spain . spaniards are an ethnic group in the united spain . felipe vi of spain is the leader of spain . arros negre is from the catalonia region .
rome is the capital of italy . matteo renzi is the leader of italy . amatriciana sauce is located in italy . laura boldrini is the leader of italy . italian language is spoken in italy .
italians italy rome is the capital of italy . amatriciana sauce is located in italy . sergio mattarella is the leader of italy . laura boldrini is the leader of italy .
pietro grasso is the leader of italy . rome is the capital of italy . matteo renzi is the leader of italy . amatriciana sauce is located in italy . italian language is spoken in italy .
javanese people are an ethnic group in the united java . fried chicken is an ingredient in ayam penyet . the main ingredients of fried chicken are chicken . ayam penyet is from the nationwide , also can be found in malaysia and singapore region . ayam penyet is located in java .
javanese people are an ethnic group in the united java . english language is spoken in singapore . ayam penyet is from the singapore region . tony tan is the leader of singapore . ayam penyet is located in java .
arabic is spoken in philippines . zamboangans are an ethnic group in the united philippines . philippine spanish is spoken in philippines . batchoy is located in philippines . chinese filipino are an ethnic group in the united philippines .
spanish language is spoken in spain . ajoblanco is from the andalusia region . susana diaz is the leader of andalusia . ajoblanco is located in spain . spaniards are an ethnic group in the united spain .
felipe vi of spain is the leader of spain . ajoblanco is from the andalusia region . susana diaz is the leader of andalusia . ajoblanco is located in spain . spaniards spain
alan bean is from the united states states . alan bean was a test test pilot . alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . alan bean was chosen by nasa in 1963 . alan bean is retired .
alan shepard was a part of the crew of apollo 14 12 . distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) from the navy is higher than the department of department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard was born in new hampshire . apollo 14 is operated by nasa . the number of buzz alan shepard ' s awards are distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) .
apollo 8 12 was commanded by frank borman . william anders was a part of the crew of apollo 8 12 . william anders is from the united states states . william anders was born in british hong kong . apollo 8 is operated by nasa .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz aldrin is from the united states states . buzz aldrin was a part of the crew of apollo 11 12 . buzz aldrin was a test fighter pilot . buzz aldrin was born on 1930 - 01 - 20 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz aldrin was a part of the crew of apollo 11 12 . buzz aldrin is from the united states states . buzz aldrin was a test fighter pilot . apollo 11 is operated by nasa .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz aldrin was a part of the crew of apollo 11 12 . buzz aldrin was a test fighter pilot . massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 is buzz aldrin almamater . buzz aldrin is retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz aldrin was a part of the crew of apollo 11 12 . buzz aldrin is retired . william anders was a backup pilot of apollo 11 12 . apollo 11 is operated by nasa .
buzz aldrin was a part of the crew of apollo 11 12 . buzz aldrin is retired . buzz aldrin was born on 1930 - 01 - 20 . william anders was a backup pilot of apollo 11 12 . apollo 11 is operated by nasa .
california gemstone benitoite alan shepard was a part of the crew of apollo 14 12 . alan shepard died in california . the senator representing california was dianne feinstein . apollo 14 is operated by nasa .
distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) from the navy is higher than the department of department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard is from the united states states . alan shepard died in california . alan shepard was born in new hampshire . the number of buzz alan shepard ' s awards are distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) .
william anders retired on 1969 - 09 - 01 . william anders is from the united states states . william anders was a test fighter pilot . william anders was born in british hong kong . william anders was a part of the crew of apollo 8 12 .
aarhus airport is located in tirstrup . tirstrup is located in denmark . tirstrup is part of central denmark region . margrethe ii of denmark is the leader of denmark . faroese language is spoken in denmark .
the runway length of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is 4100 . 0 . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is elevated 610 . 0 metres above sea level . adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is operated by enaire . 14l / 32r is the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport .
agra airport is located in india . the runway length of agra airport is 1818 . 0 . agra airport is operated by indian air force . agra airport is elevated 167 . 94 metres above sea level . the icao location identifier of agra airport is viag .
al asad airbase is operated by united states air force . al asad airbase is located in iraq . the runway length of al asad airbase is 3990 . 0 . the icao location identifier of al asad airbase is oraa . 08 / 26 is the runway name of al asad airbase .
al asad airbase is operated by united states air force . the runway length of al asad airbase is 3992 . 88 . al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq . the icao location identifier of al asad airbase is oraa . 08 / 26 is the runway name of al asad airbase .
al asad airbase is operated by united states air force . lockheed ac - 130 can be found on united states air force . boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft in the united states air force air force . united states air force air force aircraft fighter general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon one of the noted united states air force air force battles was the 1986 united states bombing of libya of grenada .
al asad airbase is operated by united states air force . one of the noted united states air force air force battles was the invasion of grenada of grenada . lockheed ac - 130 can be found on united states air force . lockheed c - 130 hercules is a transport aircraft in the united states air force air force . one of the noted united states air force air force battles was the operation enduring freedom of grenada .
the 1st runway at alderney airport airport is made from poaceae . the runway length of alderney airport is 733 . 0 . alderney airport serves the city of alderney . alderney airport is elevated 88 . 0 metres above sea level . 08 / 26 is the runway name of alderney airport .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan . the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 3310 . 0 . allama iqbal international airport is operated by pakistan civil aviation authority . allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore . 18l / 36r is the runway name of allama iqbal international airport .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan . the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 2900 . 0 . allama iqbal international airport is operated by pakistan civil aviation authority . allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore . 18r / 36l is the runway name of allama iqbal international airport .
alpena county regional airport is elevated 210 metres above sea level . the runway length of alpena county regional airport is 1533 . 0 . alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan . maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is located in united states . alpena county regional airport serves the city of alpena , michigan .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan . the runway length of alpena county regional airport is 1533 . 0 . alpena county regional airport serves the city of alpena , michigan . alpena county regional airport is elevated 210 metres above sea level . 7 / 25 is the runway name of alpena county regional airport .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan . the runway length of alpena county regional airport is 2744 . 0 . alpena county regional airport serves the city of alpena , michigan . alpena county regional airport is elevated 210 metres above sea level . 1 / 19 is the runway name of alpena county regional airport .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan . wilson township , alpena county , michigan is located in united states . alpena county regional airport is elevated 210 metres above sea level . the runway length of alpena county regional airport is 1533 . 0 . alpena county regional airport serves the city of alpena , michigan .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo . angola international airport serves the city of luanda . angola international airport is elevated 159 metres above sea level . 05l / 23r is the runway name of angola international airport . the runway length of angola international airport is 3800 . 0 .
athens international airport serves the city of athens . athens is located in greece . alexis tsipras is the leader of greece . greek language is spoken in greece . nikos voutsis is the leader of greece .
athens international airport serves the city of athens . athens is located in greece . alexis tsipras is the leader of greece . greek language is spoken in greece . prokopis pavlopoulos is the leader of greece .
atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city , new jersey . egg harbor township , new jersey is part of new jersey . atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey . egg harbor township , new jersey is located in united states . don guardian is the leader of atlantic city , new jersey .
philippe of belgium is the leader of belgium . antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp . charles michel is the leader of belgium . antwerp is located in belgium . city of brussels is the capital of belgium .
egg harbor township , new jersey is part of new jersey . the icao location identifier of atlantic city international airport is kacy . atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey . egg harbor township , new jersey is located in united states . egg harbor township , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey .
harrietstown , new york is located in united states . saranac lake , new york is part of harrietstown , new york . lake placid , new york is part of new york . adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york . adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york .
harrietstown , new york is located in united states . saranac lake , new york is part of harrietstown , new york . saranac lake , new york is part of essex county , new york . adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york . adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york .
indian air force has an aircraft - capable helicopter known hal light combat helicopter . agra airport is located in uttar pradesh . uttar pradesh is part of awadh . agra airport is operated by indian air force . uttar pradesh is part of bundelkhand .
indian air force has an aircraft - capable helicopter known hal light combat helicopter . agra airport is located in uttar pradesh . ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh . agra airport is operated by indian air force . uttar pradesh is part of bundelkhand .
haider al - abadi is the leader of iraq . fuad masum is the leader of iraq . al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah . fallujah is located in iraq . arabic is spoken in iraq .
200 public square is located in cleveland . 200 public square was completed in 1985 . cleveland is part of cuyahoga county , ohio . cleveland is part of ohio . cleveland is located in united states .
250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo , new york . the architecture style of 250 delaware avenue falls under brutalist postmodern architecture . january , 2014 was the start date for the building at 250 delaware avenue . 250 delaware avenue has a floor area of 30843 . 8 ( square metres ) . there are 12 floors at 250 delaware avenue .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago . rahm emanuel is the leader of chicago . chicago is located in united states . springfield , illinois is the capital of illinois . chicago is part of illinois .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in denmark . faroese language is spoken in denmark . margrethe ii of denmark is the leader of denmark . marriott marriott international was founded in washington , d . c . marriott marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in denmark . marriott marriott international was founded in washington , d . c . marriott marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen . rona bill marriott is the key person for marriott international . greenlandic language is spoken in denmark .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in denmark . marriott marriott international was founded in washington , d . c . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark . marriott marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen . greenlandic language is spoken in denmark .
adare manor is located in republic of ireland . the architect of adare manor is augustus pugin . one of the significant buildings designed by augustus pugin is the palace of westminster . augustus pugin was born in bloomsbury . enda kenny is the leader of republic of ireland .
addis ababa city hall was completed in 1964 . the government of addis ababa is the current tenant of addis ababa city hall . 1961 was the start date for the building at addis ababa city hall . addis ababa city hall has a floor area of 140000 . 0 ( square metres ) . the height of addis ababa city hall is 42 m .
akita museum of art is located in japan . there are 3 floors at akita museum of art . akita museum of art is located in akita , akita . akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture . akita museum of art is located on 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori .
akita museum of art is located in japan . akita museum of art is located in akita , akita . akita , akita is part of akita prefecture . taro aso is the leader of japan . chinese people in japan are an ethnic group in the united japan .
alan b . miller hall is located in virginia . the architect of alan b . miller hall is robert a . m . stern . alan b . miller hall is owned by college of william & mary . mason school of business is located in united states . the mason school of business is the current tenant of alan b . miller hall .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad . ahmedabad is located in india . amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat . sumitra mahajan is the leader of india . the gujarat , is led by the provincial gujarat legislative assembly .
ampara hospital is located in sri lanka . ranil wickremesinghe is the leader of sri lanka . ampara hospital is located in the state of eastern province , sri lanka . ampara hospital is from the ampara district region . austin fernando is the leader of eastern province , sri lanka .
ampara hospital is located in sri lanka . ranil wickremesinghe is the leader of sri lanka . ampara hospital is located in the state of eastern province , sri lanka . eastern province , sri lanka ' s governing body is eastern provincial council . sri jayawardenepura kotte is the capital of sri lanka .
the architect of asilomar conference grounds is julia morgan . julia morgan was born in san francisco . one of the significant buildings designed by julia morgan is the los angeles herald - examiner . hearst castle castle was a significant project of julia morgan . one of the significant buildings designed by julia morgan is the asilomar state beach .
the architect of asilomar conference grounds is julia morgan . julia morgan was born in san francisco . one of the significant buildings designed by julia morgan is the riverside art museum . hearst castle castle was a significant project of julia morgan . one of the significant buildings designed by julia morgan is the asilomar state beach .
asser levy public baths is located in new york city . new york city is located in united states . cyrus vance , jr . is the leader of manhattan . new york city is part of manhattan . new york city is part of new netherland .
antioch , birmingham has postal codes b postcode area . the architect of 103 colmore row is john madin . john madin was born in birmingham . john clancy ( labour politician ) is the leader of birmingham . birmingham ' s governing body is birmingham city council .
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . the united states , is led by the provincial president of the united states . john roberts is the leader of united states . 250 delaware avenue is located in united states . barack obama is the leader of united states .
11th mississippi infantry monument is located in united states . 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in seminary ridge . 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania . 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the state of pennsylvania . 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 . 11th mississippi infantry monument falls under the category of contributing property .
adams county adams county , pennsylvania is east of franklin county , franklin county , pennsylvania . adams county , pennsylvania has to its southeast carroll county , maryland adams county , adams county , pennsylvania has cumberland county , cumberland county , pennsylvania to its north . frederick county , maryland , maryland is to the southwest of adams county , adams county , pennsylvania . 11th mississippi infantry monument falls under the category of contributing property . 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania .
the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade . baku is the capital of azerbaijan . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is made red granite and white marble . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner .
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is made red granite and white marble . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan . turk sehitleri aniti is the native name of baku turkish martyrs ' memorial . artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner .
monocacy national battlefield is located in frederick county , maryland . 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument was established in 1907 - 07 - 11 . 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in united states . 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument falls under the category of historic districts in the united states . 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the district of monocacy national battlefield . 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the state of maryland .
alan bean is from the united states states . alan bean was a test test pilot . alan bean was born on 1932 - 03 - 15 . alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . alan bean spent 100305 . 0 ( minutes ) in space . alan bean is retired .
alan shepard was a part of the crew of apollo 14 12 . distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) from the navy is higher than the department of department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard died in california . alan shepard was born in new hampshire . apollo 14 is operated by nasa . the number of buzz alan shepard ' s awards are distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) .
alfred worden was a backup pilot of apollo 12 12 . alan bean was a part of the crew of apollo 12 12 . apollo 12 is operated by nasa . alan bean retired on june 1981 . apollo 12 12 was commanded by david scott . alan bean ' s full name was " alan lavern bean " .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz aldrin is from the united states states . buzz aldrin was chosen by nasa in 1963 . buzz aldrin was a part of the crew of apollo 11 12 . buzz aldrin was a test fighter pilot . massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 is buzz aldrin almamater .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz aldrin was a part of the crew of apollo 11 12 . buzz aldrin was born on 1930 - 01 - 20 . massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 is buzz aldrin almamater . william anders was a backup pilot of apollo 11 12 . apollo 11 is operated by nasa .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz aldrin was a part of the crew of apollo 11 12 . buzz aldrin is from the united states states . buzz aldrin was a test fighter pilot . william anders was a backup pilot of apollo 11 12 . apollo 11 is operated by nasa .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz aldrin was chosen by nasa in 1963 . buzz aldrin was a part of the crew of apollo 11 12 . buzz aldrin was a test fighter pilot . massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 is buzz aldrin almamater . buzz aldrin was born on 1930 - 01 - 20 .
california gemstone benitoite smilodon is a fossil from california . distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) from the navy is higher than the department of department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard died in california . the senator representing california was dianne feinstein . the number of buzz alan shepard ' s awards are distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) .
william anders retired on 1969 - 09 - 01 . william anders is from the united states states . william anders was a test fighter pilot . william anders was born in british hong kong . william anders was a part of the crew of apollo 8 12 . afit , m . s . 1962 is william anders almamater .
william anders retired on 1969 - 09 - 01 . william anders was a part of the crew of apollo 8 12 . william anders was born in british hong kong . buzz aldrin was a backup pilot of apollo 8 12 . frank frank borman was a member of the crew on apollo 8 8 . apollo 8 is operated by nasa .
william anders was a part of the crew of apollo 8 12 . afit , m . s . 1962 is william anders almamater . buzz aldrin was a backup pilot of apollo 8 12 . frank frank borman was a member of the crew on apollo 8 8 . apollo 8 is operated by nasa . william anders is retired .
accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in switzerland . the dean of accademia di architettura di mendrisio is mario botta botta . accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in the city of mendrisio . accademia di architettura di mendrisio was established in 1996 . the academic staff at the awh accademia di architettura di mendrisio college number 100 . accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in ticino .
acharya institute of technology is located in the city of bangalore . acharya institute of technology is located in the state of karnataka . acharya institute of technology is located in india . the number of post graduate students at acharya institute of technology is about 700 . acharya institute of technology campus in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
the president of acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy . acharya institute of technology is located in the city of bangalore . acharya institute of technology was established in 2000 . acharya institute of technology is located in india . acharya institute of technology campus in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark . the headquarters of the european university association association is in brussels . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark . the denmark , is led by the provincial monarchy of denmark . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with european university association . in denmark the main religion is the church of denmark .
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark . the dean of school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen botta . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . the headquarters of the european university association association is in brussels . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with european university association .
mumbai is the largest city in india . awh engineering college is located in india . awh engineering college was established in 2001 . kochi is the leader of kerala . awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala . the ganges is a river in india .
germans of romania are an ethnic group in the united romania . klaus iohannis is the leader of romania . romania patronsaint andrew the apostle bucharest is the capital of romania . 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the anthem of romania is called desteapta - te , romane ! romane .
the academic staff at the awh school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university college number 737 . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . there are 16000 students at school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey . ankara is the capital of turkey . istanbul is the largest city in turkey . ataturk monument ( izmir ) is made bronze . the turkish lira is the currency in turkey . alan b . ataturk monument ( izmir ) hall was in augurated on 1932 - 07 - 27 . ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey .
the turkey , is led by the provincial president of turkey . the leader of turkey is ahmet davutoglu . ataturk monument ( izmir ) was designed by pietro canonica . ankara is the capital of turkey . ataturk monument ( izmir ) is made bronze . alan b . ataturk monument ( izmir ) hall was in augurated on 1932 - 07 - 27 . ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey .
the turkey , is led by the provincial president of turkey . ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey . ankara is the capital of turkey . istanbul is the largest city in turkey . the turkish lira is the currency in turkey . alan b . ataturk monument ( izmir ) hall was in augurated on 1932 - 07 - 27 . ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey .
accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in switzerland . the dean of accademia di architettura di mendrisio is mario botta botta . there are 600 students at accademia di architettura di mendrisio . accademia di architettura di mendrisio was established in 1996 . the academic staff at the awh accademia di architettura di mendrisio college number 100 . accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in the city of mendrisio . the switzerland , is led by the provincial federal chancellor of switzerland .
the president of acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy . acharya institute of technology is located in the city of bangalore . dr . g . p . prabhukumar is the director of acharya institute of technology . acharya institute of technology was established in 2000 . acharya institute of technology motto is nurturing excellence . acharya institute of technology is located in india . acharya institute of technology is located in the state of karnataka .
all india council for technical education was proud to give the technical campus status to acharya institute of technology . all india council for technical education is located in mumbai . karnataka has to its northeast telangana . tennis is one of the sports offered at acharya institute of technology . adams county karnataka is east of franklin county , arabian sea . acharya institute of technology is located in the state of karnataka . the sport tennis has a governing body called international tennis federation .
germans of romania are an ethnic group in the united romania . the romania , is led by the provincial prime minister of romania . alba iulia is located in romania . klaus iohannis is the leader of romania . bucharest is the capital of romania . 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the city of alba iulia . the anthem of romania is called desteapta - te , romane ! romane .
the academic staff at the awh school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university college number 737 . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark . the dean of school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen botta . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with european university association . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . the headquarters of the european university association association is in brussels . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark . the denmark , is led by the provincial monarchy of denmark . lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with european university association . aarhus is governed by the limerick magistrate council .
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with european university association . the dean of school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen botta . there are 16000 students at school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark . the latin name of school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is universitas aarhusiensis " . school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 .
alan bean is from the united states states . alan bean was a test test pilot . alan bean was born on 1932 - 03 - 15 . ut austin , b . s . 1955 is alan bean almamater . alan bean was a part of the crew of apollo 12 12 . alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . alan bean is retired .
alan shepard is deceased . nwc , m . a . 1957 is alan shepard almamater . alan shepard died in california . alan shepard was a test test pilot . alan shepard was born in new hampshire . alan shepard was chosen by nasa in 1959 . alan shepard was born on 1923 - 11 - 18 .
alfred worden was a backup pilot of apollo 12 12 . alan bean was a part of the crew of apollo 12 12 . alan bean is from the united states states . apollo 12 is operated by nasa . alan bean was a test test pilot . apollo 12 12 was commanded by david scott . alan bean was born in wheeler , texas .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . edwin e . buzz aldrin , jr . was commonly edwin e . aldrin , jr . buzz aldrin was chosen by nasa in 1963 . buzz aldrin was a part of the crew of apollo 11 12 . buzz aldrin was a test fighter pilot . massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 is buzz aldrin almamater . buzz aldrin was born on 1930 - 01 - 20 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz aldrin is from the united states states . buzz aldrin spent 52 . 0 ( minutes ) in space . buzz aldrin was a part of the crew of apollo 11 12 . buzz aldrin was a test fighter pilot . massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 is buzz aldrin almamater . buzz aldrin was born on 1930 - 01 - 20 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz aldrin is from the united states states . buzz aldrin was a part of the crew of apollo 11 12 . the number of buzz buzz aldrin ' s awards are 20 . massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 is buzz aldrin almamater . buzz aldrin was born on 1930 - 01 - 20 . buzz aldrin is retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz aldrin was a part of the crew of apollo 11 12 . buzz aldrin is retired . buzz aldrin was born on 1930 - 01 - 20 . buzz aldrin is from the united states states . buzz aldrin was chosen by nasa in 1963 . apollo 11 is operated by nasa .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . buzz aldrin was a part of the crew of apollo 11 12 . buzz aldrin is retired . buzz aldrin is from the united states states . massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 is buzz aldrin almamater . william anders was a backup pilot of apollo 11 12 . apollo 11 is operated by nasa .
william anders retired on 1969 - 09 - 01 . william anders is from the united states states . william anders is retired . william anders was born on 1933 - 10 - 17 . william anders was a test fighter pilot . william anders was born in british hong kong . william anders was a part of the crew of apollo 8 12 .
william anders retired on 1969 - 09 - 01 . william anders was a part of the crew of apollo 8 12 . william anders is from the united states states . william anders was born in british hong kong . buzz aldrin was a backup pilot of apollo 8 12 . frank frank borman was a member of the crew on apollo 8 8 . apollo 8 is operated by nasa .
william anders retired on 1969 - 09 - 01 . william anders was chosen by nasa in 1963 . william anders spent 8820 . 0 ( minutes ) in space . william anders was born on 1933 - 10 - 17 . william anders was a test fighter pilot . william anders was born in british hong kong . william anders was a part of the crew of apollo 8 12 .
aaron s . daggett won the purple heart award .
one of the noted aaron s . daggett air force battles was the battle of mine run of grenada .
ab klink was born in stellendam , netherlands .
abdul rahman ya ' kub inofficewhilevicepresident tuanku bujang tuanku othman
abdul taib mahmud party parti bumiputera sarawak
abdul taib mahmud successor sulaiman abdul rahman taib
abdulsalami abubakar activeyearsenddate 1999 - 05 - 29
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state .
abner w . sibal activeyearsenddate 1965 - 01 - 03
abner w . sibal died in alexandria , virginia .
adam holloway was born in kent .
adam holloway resides in the gravesend states .
university of adelaide is adenan satem almamater .
adolf scharf was born in mikulov .
adonis georgiadis inofficewhileprimeminister antonis samaras
adonis georgiadis office ( workedat , workedas ) deputy minister for development , competitiveness and shipping
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf .
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio .
airey neave activeyearsstartdate 1953 - 06 - 30
airey neave won the military cross award .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london .
airey neave militaryrank lieutenant colonel
airey neave servicestartyear 1935
albert b . white party republican party ( united states )
albert b . white spouse agnes ward white
albert jennings fountain militarybranch union army
alberto teisaire is from the argentina states .
alberto teisaire profession rear admiral in the argentine navy
alfons gorbach died in austria .
alfred moore scales activeyearsstartdate 1875 - 03 - 04
one of the noted alfred moore scales air force battles was the battle of chancellorsville of grenada .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut .
alfred n . phillips office ( workedat , workedas ) mayor of stamford , connecticut
allan shivers activeyearsstartdate 1947 - 01 - 21
allan shivers militarybranch united states army
allan shivers successor price daniel
alvah sabin activeyearsstartdate 1853 - 03 - 04
alvah sabin party whig party ( united states )
american civil war 12 was commanded by robert e . lee .
austrian german is spoken in austria .
battle of antietam 12 was commanded by robert e . lee .
battle of cold harbor ispartofmilitaryconflict american civil war
gabriela michetti is the leader of buenos aires .
gulf war 12 was commanded by colin powell .
john f . kennedy predecessor dwight d . eisenhower
university of vienna is josef klaus almamater .
juan carlos i of spain predecessor francisco franco
juan peron party labour party ( argentina )
mark rutte is the leader of netherlands .
one of the noted united states army air force battles was the spanish - american war of grenada .
william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland .
1955 dodge is also known as dodge coronet .
1955 dodge engine 230 ( cubic inches )
a - rosa luna christeningdate 2005 - 04 - 07
aida cruises is located in rostock .
aidaluna is operated by aida cruises .
aidastella christeningdate 2013 - 03 - 16
aidastella was completed in 2013 - 03 - 11 .
aidastella maidenvoyage 2013 - 03 - 17
aidastella is operated by aida cruises .
alv x - 1 launchsite mid - atlantic regional spaceport
amc matador is also known as american motors matador .
ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) is sold to the netherlands 1 april 1948 .
abarth 1000 gt coupe engine straight - four engine
acura tlx engine honda k engine
acura tlx layout awd ( vehicle )
acura tlx relatedmeanoftransportation honda accord
acura tlx transmission 9 - speed zf 9hp automatic ( v6 )
alfa romeo 164 assembly arese
alfa romeo 164 relatedmeanoftransportation lancia thema
alfa romeo 164 transmission 4 - speed automatic ( zf 4hp18qe )
alhambra builder samuda brothers
alhambra shipbeam 8 . 3 m
alhambra is wrecked .
alhambra topspeed 18 . 52
alvis speed 25 engine straight - six engine
alvis speed 25 modelstartyear 1937
american submarine nr - 1 shipdraft 4 . 6 m
antares ( rocket ) finalflight 2014 - 10 - 28
antares ( rocket ) launchsite mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0
gabriela michetti is the leader of argentina .
ariane 5 launchsite guiana space centre
ariane 5 maidenflight 2005 - 08 - 11
aston martin v8 bodystyle convertible
aston martin v8 manufacturer aston martin
aston martin virage manufacturer aston martin
atlas ii finalflight 1998 - 03 - 16
atlas ii launchsite vandenberg air force base
audi was august horch baron reith .
audi a1 assembly audi brussels
audi a1 relatedmeanoftransportation seat ibiza
caterpillar inc . is located in peoria , illinois .
costa crociere is located in genoa .
desoto custom relatedmeanoftransportation chrysler newport
fiat croma relatedmeanoftransportation alfa romeo 164
germans germany
norbert lammert is the leader of germany .
stanislaw tillich is the leader of germany .
gruppo bertone was giovanni bertone baron reith .
guiana space centre is headquartered at jinnah kourou , french guiana airport .
honda k engine manufacturer honda
the anthem of united states is called the star - spangled banner romane .
native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states .
silvio berlusconi is the chairman of a . c . milan .
aaron boogaard was born in canada .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen .
abel hernandez plays for uruguay olympic football team .
abel hernandez plays for uruguay national football team .
abner ( footballer ) was born in brazil .
adam maher was born in diemen .
adam maher was born in netherlands .
adam maher plays for netherlands national under - 17 football team .
adam maher plays for psv eindhoven .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for iraq national football team .
akeem adams was born in point fortin .
akeem dent formerteam atlanta falcons
akeem priestley plays for connecticut huskies .
al - khor sports club play in qatar stars league .
basim qasim manages al - zawra ' a sc .
al kharaitiyat sc position qatar stars league
alaa abdul - zahra was born in baghdad .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for sanat mes kerman f . c . .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for hamilton academical f . c . .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for scotland national under - 19 football team .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born on 1995 - 09 - 02 .
aleksander barkov , jr . plays for florida panthers .
the height of aleksander barkov , jr . is 1 . 905 .
aleksander barkov , jr . play in national hockey league .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 1989 - 02 - 24 .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc amkar perm .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc samtredia .
aleksandre guruli plays for georgia national under - 21 football team .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . s . roma .
michele alessio romagnoli played youth football for a . s . roma .
alex plante was born in manitoba .
alex tyus play in turkish basketball super league .
atlanta falcons is located in the city of atlanta .
boston bruins generalmanager don sweeney
budapest is located in hungary .
english language is spoken in canada .
slavey language is spoken in canada .
columbus blue jackets is located in the city of columbus , ohio .
oleh luzhny manages fc karpaty lviv .
valery petrakov manages fc torpedo moscow .
gabor kubatov is the chairman of ferencvarosi tc .
finnish language is spoken in finland .
italy national under - 16 football team coach daniele zoratto
maccabi ashdod b . c . coach zvi sherf
motherwell f . c . ground is in fir park .
olympique lyonnais is owned by jean - michel aulas .
st . louis rams is located in the city of st . louis .
tennessee titans is located in the city of nashville , tennessee .
aaron bertram activeyearsstartyear 1998
aaron deer associatedband / associatedmusicalartist the horns of happiness
aaron deer recordlabel kill rock stars
aaron turner is in the genre of avant - garde metal .
aaron turner is in the genre of progressive metal .
abradab background solo singer
abradab was born on 1978 - 11 - 12 .
abradab was born in poland .
abradab is in the genre of hip hop music .
agustin barboza is in the genre of guarania ( music ) .
ahmet ertegun was born in istanbul , turkey .
alan frew is in the genre of rock music .
albennie jones associatedband / associatedmusicalartist sammy price
aleksandra kovac background solo singer
aleksandra kovac was born in yugoslavia .
aleksandra kovac is in the genre of rhythm and blues .
aleksandra kovac is in the genre of soul music .
alex day is in the genre of synthpop .
alfredo zitarrosa associatedband / associatedmusicalartist hector numa moraes
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo .
alfredo zitarrosa died in uruguay .
alfredo zitarrosa recordlabel rca records
alison o ' donnell activeyearsstartyear 1963
alison o ' donnell is in the genre of jazz .
alison o ' donnell instrument voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp
allen forrest was born on 1981 - 02 - 04 .
allen forrest is in the genre of pop music .
alligator records is located in chicago .
anders osborne associatedband / associatedmusicalartist johnny sansone
anders osborne is in the genre of rhythm and blues .
anders osborne recordlabel alligator records
andra ( singer ) is in the genre of rhythm and blues .
andrew rayel activeyearsstartyear 2009
andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist christian burns
andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova .
andrew white ( musician ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist marry banilow
andrew white ( musician ) recordlabel b - unique records
asuncion is part of gran asuncion .
christian burns instrument guitar
hip hop music musicsubgenre gangsta rap
hip hop music stylisticorigin funk
indie rock stylisticorigin new wave music
manchester is part of greater manchester .
polydor records is located in london .
rca records distributingcompany sony music entertainment
rock and roll stylisticorigin blues
synthpop stylisticorigin pop music
british people united kingdom
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 density 2 . 0 ( grampercubiccentimetres )
( 29075 ) 1950 da discoverer carl a . wirtanen
( 410777 ) 2009 fd absolutemagnitude 22 . 1
( 410777 ) 2009 fd apoapsis 259776702 . 47055 ( kilometres )
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 apoapsis 254989570 . 60815 ( kilometres )
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 epoch 2013 - 11 - 04
1000 piazzia escapevelocity 0 . 0252 ( kilometreperseconds )
1001 gaussia was formerly called 1923 oaa907 xc .
1001 gaussia maximumtemperature 165 . 0 ( kelvins )
101 helena apoapsis 441092000 . 0 ( kilometres )
101 helena epoch 2006 - 12 - 31
101 helena mass 3 . 0 ( kilograms )
1036 ganymed averagespeed 16 . 86 ( kilometreperseconds )
103 hera absolutemagnitude 7 . 66
103 hera mass 7 . 9 ( kilograms )
107 camilla absolutemagnitude 7 . 08
107 camilla discoverer a . storrs
1089 tama was formerly called a894 va ; a904 vd ; .
1089 tama orbitalperiod 1202 . 846 ( days )
1097 vicia averagespeed 17 . 92 ( kilometreperseconds )
1097 vicia epoch 2006 - 12 - 31
1097 vicia rotationperiod 95040 . 0
109 felicitas discoverer christian heinrich friedrich peters
109 felicitas periapsis 283326000000 . 0
10 hygiea averagespeed 16 . 76 ( kilometreperseconds )
1101 clematis periapsis 445895000000 . 0
110 lydia epoch 2006 - 12 - 31
11264 claudiomaccone temperature 173 . 0 ( kelvins )
university of michigan is james craig watson almamater .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham .
aaron s . daggett won the purple heart award . one of the noted aaron s . daggett air force battles was the battle of fredericksburg of grenada .
one of the noted aaron s . daggett air force battles was the battle of gettysburg of grenada . aaron s . daggett won the purple heart award .
abdul rahman ya ' kub hasdeputy stephen yong kuet tze abdul taib mahmud successor abdul rahman ya ' kub
abdul taib mahmud party parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu abdul taib mahmud was born in kingdom of sarawak .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna . technical institute , kaduna is abdulsalami abubakar almamater .
abdulsalami abubakar office ( workedat , workedas ) chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state .
abdulsalami abubakar office ( workedat , workedas ) chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) abdulsalami abubakar successor al - amin daggash
abdulsalami abubakar successor olusegun obasanjo abdulsalami abubakar activeyearsenddate 1999 - 05 - 29
abdulsalami abubakar successor olusegun obasanjo abdulsalami abubakar inofficewhilevicepresident mike akhigbe
one of the noted abner w . sibal air force battles was the world war ii of grenada . world war ii 12 was commanded by joseph stalin .
abner w . sibal militarybranch united states army one of the noted united states army air force battles was the korean war of grenada .
adam holloway was born in kent . magdalene college , cambridge is adam holloway almamater .
adam holloway resides in the gravesend states . adam holloway was born in kent .
one of the noted adam koc air force battles was the world war i of grenada . adam koc won the virtuti militari award .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens . adonis georgiadis office ( workedat , workedas ) deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally
adonis georgiadis was born in greece . adonis georgiadis was born in athens .
adonis georgiadis was born in greece . adonis georgiadis office ( workedat , workedas ) deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf . agnes kant office ( workedat , workedas ) parliamentary group leader
airey neave won the military cross award . airey neave unit royal artillery
one of the noted airey neave air force battles was the battle of france of grenada . airey neave activeyearsstartdate 1974 - 03 - 04
one of the noted airey neave air force battles was the battle of france of grenada . battle of france 12 was commanded by hugo sperrle .
one of the noted airey neave air force battles was the world war ii of grenada . airey neave was born in knightsbridge .
one of the noted airey neave air force battles was the world war ii of grenada . world war ii 12 was commanded by franklin d . roosevelt .
one of the noted airey neave air force battles was the world war ii of grenada . world war ii 12 was commanded by joseph stalin .
albert b . white deathyear 1941 albert b . white was born on 1856 - 09 - 22 .
albert b . white profession politician albert b . white was born on 1856 - 09 - 22 .
albert jennings fountain died in dona ana county , new mexico . albert jennings fountain was born in new york city .
albert jennings fountain inofficewhilevicepresident edmund j . davis albert jennings fountain died in new mexico territory .
albert jennings fountain party republican party ( united states ) albert jennings fountain was born in new york city .
alberto teisaire office ( workedat , workedas ) provisional president of the argentine senate alberto teisaire successor isaac rojas
alfons gorbach was born in austria . alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary .
alfons gorbach was born in tyrol ( state ) . alfons gorbach was born in austria .
alfred moore scales office ( workedat , workedas ) governor of north carolina alfred moore scales successor james w . reid ( politician )
alfred moore scales successor daniel gould fowle princeton university is daniel gould fowle almamater .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut . alfred n . phillips office ( workedat , workedas ) united states house of representatives
alfred n . phillips militarybranch united states army one of the noted united states army air force battles was the american civil war of grenada .
one of the noted allan shivers air force battles was the world war ii of grenada . world war ii 12 was commanded by joseph stalin .
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas . allan shivers office ( workedat , workedas ) member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur )
allan shivers office ( workedat , workedas ) member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) allan shivers successor ben ramsey
alvah sabin was born on 1793 - 10 - 23 . alvah sabin office ( workedat , workedas ) secretary of state of vermont
the euro is the currency in netherlands . agnes kant is located in netherlands .
mark rutte is the leader of netherlands . agnes kant is located in netherlands .
parkersburg , west virginia is located in united states . albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia .
aaron boogaard plays for wichita thunder . aaron boogaard was born in saskatchewan .
abel hernandez plays for penarol . jorge orosman da silva manages penarol .
abel hernandez plays for u . s . citta di palermo . abel hernandez plays for penarol .
adam maher plays for netherlands national under - 17 football team . adam maher plays for az alkmaar .
adam maher plays for psv eindhoven . adam maher plays for netherlands national under - 17 football team .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for steel azin f . c . . ahmad kadhim assad plays for al shorta sc .
akeem adams plays for ferencvarosi tc . thomas doll manages ferencvarosi tc .
akeem adams plays for trinidad and tobago national football team . akeem adams plays for t & tec sports club .
akeem ayers formerteam new england patriots akeem ayers draftpick 39
akeem ayers formerteam tennessee titans akeem ayers draftpick 39
akeem dent birthyear 1987 akeem dent was born on 1987 - 09 - 27 .
akeem priestley plays for connecticut huskies . akeem priestley plays for sheikh russel kc .
akeem priestley plays for rops . akeem priestley plays for sheikh russel kc .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al - khor sports club . al - khor sports club ground is in al khor .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc . amar osim manages al kharaitiyat sc .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for hamilton academical f . c . . alan martin ( footballer ) plays for leeds united f . c . .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for hamilton academical f . c . . hamilton academical f . c . ground is in new douglas park .
aleksander barkov , jr . plays for florida panthers . aleksander barkov , jr . was born on 1995 - 09 - 02 .
aleksander barkov , jr . plays for florida panthers . aleksander barkov , jr . was born in tampere , finland .
aleksandr chumakov plays for fc torpedo moscow . valery petrakov manages fc torpedo moscow .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc tom tomsk . fc tom tomsk play in russian football national league .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc karpaty lviv . aleksandre guruli plays for fc dinamo batumi .
alex plante birthyear 1989 alex plante was born in manitoba .
alex tyus plays for pallacanestro cantu . alex tyus was born on 1988 - 01 - 08 .
alex tyus play in turkish basketball super league . alex tyus plays for maccabi tel aviv b . c . .
conservative party of canada is the leader of brandon , manitoba . alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba .
the anthem of canada is called o canada romane . adam mcquaid was born in canada .
english language is spoken in canada . adam mcquaid was born in canada .
levan khomeriki manages fc dinamo batumi . aleksandre guruli plays for fc dinamo batumi .
fc spartak moscow ground is in otkrytiye arena . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow .
rops play in veikkausliiga . akeem priestley plays for rops .
united petrotrin f . c . ground is in palo seco velodrome . akeem adams plays for united petrotrin f . c . .
aaron deer is in the genre of psychedelia . aaron deer instrument guitar
aaron deer origin united states aaron deer origin indiana
aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist twilight ( band ) aaron turner is in the genre of electroacoustic music .
aaron turner instrument singing aaron turner is in the genre of avant - garde metal .
abradab associatedband / associatedmusicalartist magik ( rapper ) abradab associatedband / associatedmusicalartist kaliber 44
abradab was born on 1978 - 11 - 12 . abradab was born in katowice .
abradab was born in katowice . abradab was born in poland .
ace wilder is in the genre of hip hop music . hip hop music stylisticorigin disco
ace wilder recordlabel warner music group ace wilder background solo singer
agustin barboza was born in paraguay . agustin barboza recordlabel philips records
alan frew is in the genre of rock music . rock music musicfusiongenre bhangra ( music )
alan frew is in the genre of rock music . rock music stylisticorigin country music
albennie jones is in the genre of jazz . jazz stylisticorigin blues
aleksandra kovac is in the genre of pop music . aleksandra kovac background solo singer
aleksandra kovac is in the genre of rhythm and blues . rhythm and blues stylisticorigin blues
aleksandra kovac is in the genre of soul music . aleksandra kovac activeyearsstartyear 1990
alex day is in the genre of synthpop . synthpop stylisticorigin new wave music
alfred garth jones was born in england . alfred garth jones birthyear 1872
alfredo zitarrosa background solo singer alfredo zitarrosa is in the genre of milonga ( music ) .
alfredo zitarrosa background solo singer alfredo zitarrosa is in the genre of taquirari .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay . alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo .
alfredo zitarrosa died in uruguay . alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo .
alfredo zitarrosa is in the genre of zamba ( artform ) . alfredo zitarrosa background solo singer
alison o ' donnell associatedband / associatedmusicalartist plastik mak alison o ' donnell associatedband / associatedmusicalartist bajik
alison o ' donnell is in the genre of folk rock . alison o ' donnell recordlabel floating world records
alison o ' donnell is in the genre of jazz . alison o ' donnell instrument voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp
allen forrest is in the genre of hip hop music . allen forrest background solo singer
alternative rock musicsubgenre christian alternative rock andrew white ( musician ) is in the genre of alternative rock .
anders osborne associatedband / associatedmusicalartist phil lesh and friends anders osborne associatedband / associatedmusicalartist tab benoit
anders osborne is in the genre of rhythm and blues . anders osborne recordlabel rabadash records
anders osborne is in the genre of rhythm and blues . anders osborne recordlabel shanachie records
andra ( singer ) is in the genre of pop music . andra ( singer ) activeyearsstartyear 2000
andra ( singer ) is in the genre of rhythm and blues . rhythm and blues stylisticorigin blues
andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist christian burns andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist jonathan mendelsohn
andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist jonathan mendelsohn andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist mark sixma
andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist jwaydan moyine andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist armin van buuren
andrew white ( musician ) is in the genre of alternative rock . alternative rock stylisticorigin new wave music
country music instrument banjo al anderson ( nrbq band ) is in the genre of country music .
polydor records is located in london . andrew white ( musician ) recordlabel polydor records
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 escapevelocity 0 . 0925 ( kilometreperseconds ) ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 apoapsis 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres )
( 410777 ) 2009 fd apoapsis 259776702 . 47055 ( kilometres ) ( 410777 ) 2009 fd minimumtemperature 211 . 0 ( kelvins )
( 410777 ) 2009 fd periapsis 88234300000 . 0 ( 410777 ) 2009 fd discoverer spacewatch
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 epoch 2013 - 11 - 04 ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 escapevelocity 0 . 0999 ( kilometreperseconds )
( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 epoch 2004 - 07 - 14 ( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 orbitalperiod 16244700 . 0
( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 epoch 2004 - 07 - 14 ( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 rotationperiod 9953 . 28
101 helena discoverer james craig watson james craig watson deathcause peritonitis
1036 ganymed averagespeed 16 . 86 ( kilometreperseconds ) 1036 ganymed apoapsis 611961000 . 0 ( kilometres )
1036 ganymed discoverer walter baade walter baade was born in german empire .
1036 ganymed discoverer walter baade walter baade is from the germany states .
103 hera discoverer james craig watson james craig watson deathcause peritonitis
103 hera discoverer james craig watson james craig watson is from the canada states .
107 camilla discoverer n . r . pogson n . r . pogson was born in nottingham .
1089 tama epoch 2005 - 11 - 26 1089 tama was formerly called a919 ha ; 1927 wb ; .
1089 tama temperature 179 . 0 ( kelvins ) 1089 tama apoapsis 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres )
1097 vicia epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 1097 vicia periapsis 279142000000 . 0
109 felicitas apoapsis 523329000 . 0 ( kilometres ) 109 felicitas temperature 170 . 0 ( kelvins )
109 felicitas epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 109 felicitas periapsis 283326000000 . 0
109 felicitas rotationperiod 47487 . 6 109 felicitas epoch 2006 - 12 - 31
10 hygiea apoapsis 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres ) 10 hygiea temperature 164 . 0 ( kelvins )
10 hygiea was formerly called a900 ga . 10 hygiea epoch 2015 - 06 - 27
110 lydia epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 110 lydia mass 6 . 7 ( kilograms )
110 lydia epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 110 lydia orbitalperiod 142603000 . 0
a - rosa luna shipclass cruise ship a - rosa luna length 125800 . 0 ( millimetres )
a - rosa luna shipordered 2004 - 01 - 22 a - rosa luna length 125800 . 0 ( millimetres )
aida cruises is located in germany . aidastella is operated by aida cruises .
aida cruises is located in rostock . aidaluna is operated by aida cruises .
aidaluna topspeed 40 . 744 aidaluna length 252000 . 0 ( millimetres )
aidastella christeningdate 2013 - 03 - 16 aidastella length 253260 . 0 ( millimetres )
alco rs - 3 builder montreal locomotive works alco rs - 3 powertype diesel - electric transmission
alv x - 1 diameter 1 . 524 ( metres ) alv x - 1 rocketstages 2
amc matador assembly kenosha , wisconsin amc matador modelyears 1974
amc matador was designed by richard a . teague . richard a . teague employer chrysler
ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) length 192000 . 0 ( millimetres ) ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) is located in argentina .
alfa romeo 164 assembly milan alfa romeo 164 relatedmeanoftransportation saab 9000
alfa romeo 164 relatedmeanoftransportation fiat croma alfa romeo 164 assembly italy
alfa romeo 164 relatedmeanoftransportation lancia thema alfa romeo 164 assembly italy
alvis speed 25 manufacturer alvis car and engineering company alvis car and engineering company is located in coventry .
alvis speed 25 transmission single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle alvis speed 25 engine 4387 . 0 ( cubiccentimetres )
alvis speed 25 transmission single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle alvis speed 25 engine straight - six engine
american motors successor eagle ( automobile ) amc matador manufacturer american motors
antares ( rocket ) maidenflight 2014 - 01 - 09 antares ( rocket ) launchsite mid - atlantic regional spaceport
gabriela michetti is the leader of argentina . ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) is located in argentina .
ariane 5 launchsite ela - 3 ariane 5 manufacturer airbus defence and space
ariane 5 manufacturer airbus defence and space airbus defence and space is the parent company of the airbus group press .
aston martin v8 assembly united kingdom aston martin v8 relatedmeanoftransportation aston martin rham / 1
aston martin v8 manufacturer aston martin aston martin v8 successor aston martin virage
aston martin v8 relatedmeanoftransportation aston martin dbs aston martin v8 successor aston martin virage
aston martin v8 successor aston martin virage aston martin virage manufacturer aston martin
atlas ii finalflight 1998 - 03 - 16 atlas ii diameter 3 . 04 m
atlas ii launchsite cape canaveral air force station atlas ii manufacturer lockheed martin
audi a1 manufacturer audi audi belongs to the division of audi e - tron .
audi a1 manufacturer audi audi subsidiary ducati
audi a1 manufacturer audi audi subsidiary quattro gmbh
rona douglas r . oberhelman is the key person for caterpillar inc . . aidaluna powertype caterpillar inc .
delta ii launchsite vandenberg air force base antares ( rocket ) comparable delta ii
juha sipila is the leader of finland . aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) builder finland
general dynamics electric boat is the parent company of the general dynamics press . american submarine nr - 1 builder general dynamics electric boat
mtu friedrichshafen is owned by rolls - royce holdings . a - rosa luna powertype mtu friedrichshafen
elizabeth ii is the leader of united kingdom . aston martin v8 assembly united kingdom
aaron s . daggett won the purple heart award . aaron s . daggett was born in maine . one of the noted aaron s . daggett air force battles was the battle of fredericksburg of grenada .
erasmus university rotterdam is ab klink almamater . ab klink party christian democratic appeal ab klink was born in netherlands .
abdul rahman ya ' kub hasdeputy stephen yong kuet tze abdul taib mahmud was born in kingdom of sarawak . abdul taib mahmud successor abdul rahman ya ' kub
abdul taib mahmud resides in the sarawak states . abdul taib mahmud was born in kingdom of sarawak . abdul taib mahmud party barisan ra ' ayat jati sarawak
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state . technical institute , kaduna is abdulsalami abubakar almamater . abdulsalami abubakar office ( workedat , workedas ) chief of the defence staff ( nigeria )
abdulsalami abubakar successor olusegun obasanjo abdulsalami abubakar militarybranch nigerian air force olusegun obasanjo inofficewhilevicepresident atiku abubakar
abdulsalami abubakar successor olusegun obasanjo abdulsalami abubakar militarybranch nigerian army olusegun obasanjo inofficewhilevicepresident atiku abubakar
abel caballero was born in ponteareas . abel caballero office ( workedat , workedas ) member of the congress of deputies abel caballero was born in galicia ( spain ) .
abel caballero was born in spain . abel caballero was born in galicia ( spain ) . abel caballero party spanish socialist workers ' party
one of the noted abner w . sibal air force battles was the world war ii of grenada . abner w . sibal militarybranch united states army world war ii 12 was commanded by joseph stalin .
abner w . sibal office ( workedat , workedas ) member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district abner w . sibal party republican party ( united states ) abner w . sibal was born in ridgewood , queens .
one of the noted adam holloway air force battles was the gulf war of grenada . gulf war 12 was commanded by george h . w . bush . adam holloway militarybranch grenadier guards
adam holloway party conservative party ( uk ) adam holloway was born in faversham . magdalene college , cambridge is adam holloway almamater .
one of the noted adam koc air force battles was the polish - soviet war of grenada . adam koc was born in congress poland . polish - soviet war 12 was commanded by leon trotsky .
one of the noted adam koc air force battles was the polish - soviet war of grenada . polish - soviet war ispartofmilitaryconflict russian civil war polish - soviet war 12 was commanded by leon trotsky .
adonis georgiadis was born in greece . adonis georgiadis office ( workedat , workedas ) deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally adonis georgiadis was born in athens .
adonis georgiadis was born in greece . adonis georgiadis office ( workedat , workedas ) minister for health adonis georgiadis was born in athens .
adonis georgiadis inofficewhileprimeminister antonis samaras new democracy ( greece ) colour blue adonis georgiadis party new democracy ( greece )
agnes kant is from the netherlands states . mark rutte is the leader of netherlands . agnes kant office ( workedat , workedas ) house of representatives ( netherlands )
agnes kant is from the netherlands states . mark rutte is the leader of netherlands . agnes kant party socialist party ( netherlands )
agnes kant office ( workedat , workedas ) member of the house of representatives agnes kant was born in west germany . radboud university nijmegen is agnes kant almamater .
one of the noted airey neave air force battles was the world war ii of grenada . airey neave activeyearsstartdate 1953 - 06 - 30 airey neave activeyearsenddate 1979 - 03 - 30
one of the noted airey neave air force battles was the world war ii of grenada . airey neave activeyearsstartdate 1974 - 03 - 04 airey neave activeyearsenddate 1979 - 03 - 30
albert b . white deathyear 1941 albert b . white was born on 1856 - 09 - 22 . albert b . white dateofdeath 1941 - 07 - 03
albert b . white spouse agnes ward white agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio . albert b . white successor william m . o . dawson
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island . albert jennings fountain died in united states . african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
albert jennings fountain died in new mexico territory . albert jennings fountain was born in new york city . albert jennings fountain was born in staten island .
albert jennings fountain died in united states . albert jennings fountain was born in new york . albert jennings fountain was born in staten island .
alberto teisaire died in buenos aires . buenos aires ' s governing body is buenos aires city legislature . horacio rodriguez larreta is the leader of buenos aires .
alberto teisaire profession rear admiral alberto teisaire successor isaac rojas alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina .
alfons gorbach died in graz . alfons gorbach was born in county of tyrol . alfons gorbach was born in austria .
alfred n . phillips successor albert e . austin alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut . alfred n . phillips office ( workedat , workedas ) member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district
alfred n . phillips successor albert e . austin alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut . alfred n . phillips office ( workedat , workedas ) member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district
allan shivers office ( workedat , workedas ) member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) allan shivers party democratic party ( united states ) allan shivers successor wilfred r . cousins , jr .
alvah sabin activeyearsenddate 1857 - 03 - 03 alvah sabin is from the vermont region . burlington , vermont is the largest city in vermont .
alvah sabin party whig party ( united states ) alvah sabin was born on 1793 - 10 - 23 . henry clay is the leader of whig party ( united states ) .
alvah sabin party whig party ( united states ) daniel webster is the leader of whig party ( united states ) . alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont .
american civil war 12 was commanded by abraham lincoln . one of the noted albert jennings fountain air force battles was the american civil war of grenada . albert jennings fountain was born in united states .
american civil war 12 was commanded by jefferson davis . one of the noted alfred moore scales air force battles was the battle of fredericksburg of grenada . battle of fredericksburg ispartofmilitaryconflict american civil war
doris bures is the leader of austria . alfons gorbach was born in county of tyrol . alfons gorbach died in austria .
doris bures is the leader of austria . alfons gorbach was born in tyrol ( state ) . alfons gorbach died in austria .
doris bures is the leader of austria . alfons gorbach died in styria . alfons gorbach died in austria .
battle of salem church 12 was commanded by robert e . lee . battle of salem church ispartofmilitaryconflict american civil war one of the noted aaron s . daggett air force battles was the battle of salem church of grenada .
the euro is the currency in netherlands . ab klink was born in stellendam . ab klink is from the netherlands states .
polish language is spoken in poland . adam koc is from the poland states . kashubians are an ethnic group in the united poland .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 escapevelocity 0 . 0925 ( kilometreperseconds ) ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 mass 5 . 6 ( kilograms ) ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 apoapsis 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres )
( 410777 ) 2009 fd orbitalperiod 39447000 . 0 ( 410777 ) 2009 fd periapsis 88234300000 . 0 ( 410777 ) 2009 fd discoverer spacewatch
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 minimumtemperature - 71 . 0 ( degreecelsius ) ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 maximumtemperature 500 . 0 ( kelvins ) ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 apoapsis 254989570 . 60815 ( kilometres )
( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 averagespeed 37 . 16 ( kilometreperseconds ) ( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 density 2 . 0 ( grampercubiccentimetres ) ( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 apoapsis 162164091 . 8388 ( kilometres )
1000 piazzia orbitalperiod 488160 . 0 1000 piazzia periapsis 352497000000 . 0 1000 piazzia epoch 2015 - 06 - 27
1001 gaussia epoch 2015 - 06 - 27 1001 gaussia was formerly called 1923 oaa907 xc . 1001 gaussia periapsis 419113394 . 55312 ( kilometres )
101 helena mass 3 . 0 ( kilograms ) 101 helena escapevelocity 0 . 0348 ( kilometreperseconds ) 101 helena apoapsis 441092000 . 0 ( kilometres )
1036 ganymed discoverer walter baade walter baade is from the germany states . university of gottingen is walter baade almamater .
103 hera discoverer james craig watson 103 hera epoch 2011 - 08 - 27 james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin .
103 hera discoverer james craig watson james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin . james craig watson deathcause peritonitis
103 hera epoch 2011 - 08 - 27 103 hera orbitalperiod 1622 . 213 ( days ) 103 hera apoapsis 437170000 . 0 ( kilometres )
103 hera escapevelocity 0 . 0482 ( kilometreperseconds ) 103 hera temperature 170 . 0 ( kelvins ) 103 hera apoapsis 437170000 . 0 ( kilometres )
107 camilla discoverer n . r . pogson n . r . pogson was born in nottingham . n . r . pogson is from the england states .
1089 tama epoch 2005 - 11 - 26 1089 tama was formerly called a894 va ; a904 vd ; . 1089 tama orbitalperiod 1202 . 846 ( days )
1089 tama epoch 2005 - 11 - 26 1089 tama periapsis 288749000000 . 0 1089 tama apoapsis 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres )
1097 vicia epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 1097 vicia was formerly called 1928 pc . 1097 vicia periapsis 279142000000 . 0
109 felicitas epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 109 felicitas mass 7 . 5 ( kilograms ) 109 felicitas orbitalperiod 139705000 . 0
109 felicitas epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 109 felicitas orbitalperiod 139705000 . 0 109 felicitas apoapsis 523329000 . 0 ( kilometres )
10 hygiea averagespeed 16 . 76 ( kilometreperseconds ) 10 hygiea orbitalperiod 5 . 57 ( days ) 10 hygiea apoapsis 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres )
10 hygiea averagespeed 16 . 76 ( kilometreperseconds ) 10 hygiea surfacearea 837080 . 744 ( squarekilometres ) 10 hygiea apoapsis 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres )
10 hygiea surfacearea 837080 . 744 ( squarekilometres ) 10 hygiea apoapsis 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres ) 10 hygiea temperature 164 . 0 ( kelvins )
110 lydia epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 110 lydia mass 6 . 7 ( kilograms ) 110 lydia periapsis 377016000000 . 0
110 lydia epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 110 lydia periapsis 377016000000 . 0 110 lydia apoapsis 440756000 . 0 ( kilometres )
aaron bertram associatedband / associatedmusicalartist kids imagine nation aaron bertram associatedband / associatedmusicalartist suburban legends suburban legends is in the genre of pop music .
aaron deer is in the genre of indie rock . aaron deer origin indiana aaron deer origin united states
aaron deer origin united states aaron deer is in the genre of psychedelia . aaron deer origin indiana
aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist twilight ( band ) aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist greymachine aaron turner is in the genre of black metal .
aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist twilight ( band ) aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist greymachine aaron turner is in the genre of drone music .
aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist twilight ( band ) aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist mamiffer aaron turner is in the genre of ambient music .
aaron turner is in the genre of black metal . aaron turner instrument electric guitar black metal musicfusiongenre death metal
aaron turner is in the genre of black metal . aaron turner instrument singing black metal musicfusiongenre death metal
abradab associatedband / associatedmusicalartist magik ( rapper ) abradab associatedband / associatedmusicalartist kaliber 44 abradab was born on 1978 - 11 - 12 .
abradab associatedband / associatedmusicalartist magik ( rapper ) abradab associatedband / associatedmusicalartist kaliber 44 abradab origin katowice
ace wilder is in the genre of hip hop music . hip hop music stylisticorigin funk hip hop music stylisticorigin disco
agustin barboza was born in asuncion . juan afara is the leader of paraguay . agustin barboza was born in paraguay .
al anderson ( nrbq band ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist nrbq al anderson ( nrbq band ) instrument singing al anderson ( nrbq band ) is in the genre of rock music .
alan frew is in the genre of rock music . rock music stylisticorigin country music rock music musicfusiongenre bhangra ( music )
albennie jones is in the genre of jazz . jazz stylisticorigin blues jazz musicfusiongenre afrobeat
albennie jones is in the genre of rhythm and blues . albennie jones was born in errata , mississippi . rhythm and blues derivative disco
aleksandra kovac associatedband / associatedmusicalartist bebi dol aleksandra kovac associatedband / associatedmusicalartist k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) aleksandra kovac is in the genre of pop music .
aleksandra kovac associatedband / associatedmusicalartist bebi dol aleksandra kovac associatedband / associatedmusicalartist kornelije kovac aleksandra kovac is in the genre of pop music .
aleksandra kovac is in the genre of rhythm and blues . aleksandra kovac associatedband / associatedmusicalartist k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) aleksandra kovac associatedband / associatedmusicalartist kristina kovac
alex day is in the genre of synthpop . synthpop stylisticorigin pop music synthpop stylisticorigin disco
alfred garth jones was born in england . alfred garth jones was born in manchester . alfred garth jones died in sidcup .
alfred garth jones died in london . alfred garth jones was born in england . alfred garth jones is from the united kingdom states .
alfred garth jones died in london . alfred garth jones is from the united kingdom states . alfred garth jones was born in manchester .
alfred garth jones died in sidcup . alfred garth jones was born in manchester . labour party ( uk ) is the leader of manchester .
alfred garth jones died in sidcup . alfred garth jones died in london . boris johnson is the leader of london .
alison o ' donnell associatedband / associatedmusicalartist flibbertigibbet alison o ' donnell associatedband / associatedmusicalartist mellow candle alison o ' donnell is in the genre of folk music of ireland .
alison o ' donnell associatedband / associatedmusicalartist mellow candle alison o ' donnell associatedband / associatedmusicalartist flibbertigibbet alison o ' donnell is in the genre of folk music .
alison o ' donnell is in the genre of jazz . jazz derivative funk alison o ' donnell instrument voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp
alison o ' donnell is in the genre of jazz . jazz derivative funk alison o ' donnell recordlabel static caravan recordings
allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama . allen forrest is in the genre of pop music . allen forrest background solo singer
allen forrest is in the genre of rhythm and blues . allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama . allen forrest background solo singer
alternative rock musicfusiongenre nu metal andrew white ( musician ) is in the genre of alternative rock . alternative rock stylisticorigin new wave music
anders osborne associatedband / associatedmusicalartist billy iuso anders osborne associatedband / associatedmusicalartist tab benoit anders osborne associatedband / associatedmusicalartist kirk joseph
anders osborne recordlabel rabadash records anders osborne is in the genre of rock music . rock music musicfusiongenre bhangra ( music )
andra ( singer ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist puya ( singer ) andra ( singer ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist crbl andra ( singer ) is in the genre of dance - pop .
andra ( singer ) is in the genre of rhythm and blues . andra ( singer ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist andreea balan andra ( singer ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist marius moga
andra ( singer ) is in the genre of rhythm and blues . andra ( singer ) background solo singer rhythm and blues derivative disco
andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist christian burns andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist jonathan mendelsohn andrew rayel is in the genre of trance music .
andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist jonathan mendelsohn andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist bobina andrew rayel is in the genre of trance music .
andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist jwaydan moyine christian burns is in the genre of house music . andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist christian burns
andrew white ( musician ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist marry banilow andrew white ( musician ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist kaiser chiefs andrew white ( musician ) recordlabel universal records ( defunct record label )
ska punk stylisticorigin ska aaron bertram associatedband / associatedmusicalartist suburban legends aaron bertram is in the genre of ska punk .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . albennie jones was born in errata , mississippi . albennie jones was born in united states .
1955 dodge engine v8 engine 1955 dodge transmission 3 - speed automatic 1955 dodge is also known as dodge coronet .
a - rosa luna shipclass cruise ship a - rosa luna length 125800 . 0 ( millimetres ) a - rosa luna shipordered 2004 - 01 - 22
a - rosa luna shipdisplacement 1850 . 0 ( tonnes ) a - rosa luna topspeed 24 . 0 a - rosa luna length 125800 . 0 ( millimetres )
aida cruises is located in germany . aidastella is operated by aida cruises . aidastella is owned by costa crociere .
aidastella christeningdate 2013 - 03 - 16 aidastella shipinservice 2013 - 03 - 17 aidastella length 253260 . 0 ( millimetres )
alco rs - 3 builder american locomotive company alco rs - 3 engine four - stroke engine alco rs - 3 length 17068 . 8 ( millimetres )
alco rs - 3 builder american locomotive company alco rs - 3 engine v12 engine alco rs - 3 length 17068 . 8 ( millimetres )
alco rs - 3 builder american locomotive company alco rs - 3 length 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) marriott american locomotive company was founded in schenectady , new york
alv x - 1 countryorigin united states african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . americans united states
alv x - 1 countryorigin united states native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . washington , d . c . is the capital of united states .
alv x - 1 diameter 1 . 524 ( metres ) alv x - 1 rocketstages 2 alv x - 1 totallaunches 1
abarth 1000 gt coupe productionendyear 1958 abarth 1000 gt coupe bodystyle coupe abarth 1000 gt coupe engine straight - four engine
abarth 1000 gt coupe wheelbase 2160 . 0 ( millimetres ) abarth 1000 gt coupe width 1 . 55 abarth 1000 gt coupe bodystyle two door coupe
aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) shipbeam 21 . 2 aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) builder helsinki aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) builder arctech helsinki shipyard
alfa romeo 164 assembly italy rome is the capital of italy . alfa romeo 164 relatedmeanoftransportation fiat croma
alfa romeo 164 assembly italy rome is the capital of italy . alfa romeo 164 relatedmeanoftransportation lancia thema
alfa romeo 164 relatedmeanoftransportation fiat croma alfa romeo 164 assembly arese alfa romeo 164 relatedmeanoftransportation lancia thema
alfa romeo 164 relatedmeanoftransportation fiat croma alfa romeo 164 assembly milan alfa romeo 164 relatedmeanoftransportation saab 9000
alhambra shipbeam 8 . 3 m alhambra length 63800 . 0 ( millimetres ) alhambra shiplaunch 1855 - 05 - 31
alhambra shipbeam 8 . 3 m alhambra shiplaunch 1855 - 05 - 31 alhambra is wrecked .
alvis speed 25 manufacturer alvis car and engineering company marriott alvis car and engineering company was founded in coventry alvis speed 25 engine petrol
american motors fate eagle ( automobile ) amc matador manufacturer american motors rona roy d . chapin , jr . is the key person for american motors .
antares ( rocket ) manufacturer yuzhnoye design office antares ( rocket ) comparable delta ii delta ii countryorigin united states
antares ( rocket ) manufacturer yuzhnoye design office antares ( rocket ) launchsite mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 antares ( rocket ) function medium expendable launch system
ariane 5 manufacturer arianespace ela - 3 site guiana space centre ariane 5 launchsite ela - 3
aston martin v8 relatedmeanoftransportation aston martin dbs aston martin v8 assembly newport pagnell , buckinghamshire , england , united kingdom aston martin v8 engine 5 . 3 ( litres )
aston martin v8 relatedmeanoftransportation aston martin dbs aston martin v8 engine 5 . 3 ( litres ) aston martin v8 assembly united kingdom
atlas ii countryorigin united states atlas ii launchsite vandenberg air force base atlas ii launchsite cape canaveral air force station
atlas ii countryorigin united states native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . the united states , is led by the provincial president of the united states .
atlas ii launchsite cape canaveral air force station atlas ii countryorigin united states atlas ii launchsite spaceport florida launch complex 36
audi a1 engine 1 . 2 ( litres ) audi a1 assembly audi brussels audi a1 bodystyle hatchback
audi a1 manufacturer audi audi a1 relatedmeanoftransportation seat ibiza audi a1 relatedmeanoftransportation volkswagen polo
marriott caterpillar inc . was founded in california caterpillar inc . is located in peoria , illinois . aidaluna powertype caterpillar inc .
caterpillar inc . is located in illinois . aidaluna is owned by aida cruises . aidaluna powertype caterpillar inc .
costa crociere is located in genoa . aidastella is operated by aida cruises . aidastella is owned by costa crociere .
delta ii launchsite vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 antares ( rocket ) comparable delta ii delta ii countryorigin united states
guiana space centre is headquartered at jinnah french guiana airport . ela - 3 site guiana space centre ariane 5 launchsite ela - 3
guiana space centre is located in kourou , french guiana . ela - 3 site guiana space centre ariane 5 launchsite ela - 3
neptun werft is located in rostock . a - rosa luna builder neptun werft neptun werft locationcountry germany
americans united states atlas ii countryorigin united states african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
aaron hunt plays for vfl wolfsburg . michele aaron hunt played youth football for goslarer sc 08 . aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen .
aaron hunt plays for vfl wolfsburg . dieter hecking manages vfl wolfsburg . aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen ii .
michele abel hernandez played youth football for central espanol . abel hernandez plays for hull city a . f . c . . abel hernandez plays for u . s . citta di palermo .
michele abel hernandez played youth football for central espanol . abel hernandez plays for u . s . citta di palermo . abel hernandez plays for penarol .
adam maher plays for psv eindhoven . adam maher was born in netherlands . adam maher plays for az alkmaar .
akeem adams plays for united petrotrin f . c . . united petrotrin f . c . ground is in palo seco . akeem adams plays for w connection f . c . .
akeem ayers formerteam los angeles rams akeem ayers draftround 2 akeem ayers draftpick 39
akeem ayers formerteam st . louis rams akeem ayers draftround 2 akeem ayers draftpick 39
akeem dent debutteam atlanta falcons akeem dent was born on 1987 - 09 - 27 . akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia .
alaa abdul - zahra was born in iraq . alaa abdul - zahra plays for shabab al - ordon club . alaa abdul - zahra plays for iraq national under - 20 football team .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc . al kharaitiyat sc ground is in al khor . alaa abdul - zahra plays for shabab al - ordon club .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for hamilton academical f . c . . alan martin ( footballer ) was born on 1989 - 01 - 01 . alan martin ( footballer ) plays for clyde f . c . .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for motherwell f . c . . alan martin ( footballer ) plays for accrington stanley f . c . . accrington stanley f . c . ground is in accrington .
aleksander barkov , jr . plays for florida panthers . aleksander barkov , jr . was born on 1995 - 09 - 02 . aleksander barkov , jr . was born in tampere , finland .
aleksander barkov , jr . draftteam florida panthers aleksander barkov , jr . was born on 1995 - 09 - 02 . aleksander barkov , jr . was born in tampere , finland .
aleksandr chumakov died in russia . vladimir putin is the leader of russia . aleksandr chumakov was born in soviet union .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 1989 - 02 - 24 . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc alania vladikavkaz .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 1989 - 02 - 24 . aleksandr prudnikov plays for russia national football b team . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc tom tomsk .
aleksandre guruli plays for olympique lyonnais . olympique lyonnais ground is in parc olympique lyonnais . aleksandre guruli plays for azal pfk .
aleksandre guruli plays for olympique lyonnais . olympique lyonnais ground is in parc olympique lyonnais . aleksandre guruli plays for us lesquin .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . c . milan . sinisa mihajlovic manages a . c . milan . alessio romagnoli plays for italy national under - 16 football team .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . c . milan . sinisa mihajlovic manages a . c . milan . alessio romagnoli plays for u . c . sampdoria .
alessio romagnoli plays for italy national under - 16 football team . italy national under - 16 football team coach daniele zoratto alessio romagnoli plays for a . s . roma .
alessio romagnoli plays for italy national under - 17 football team . alessio romagnoli plays for u . c . sampdoria . alessio romagnoli was born in italy .
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba . the height of alex plante is 1 . 9304 . alex plante plays for anyang halla .
the height of alex plante is 1 . 9304 . alex plante plays for anyang halla . alex plante was born in canada .
alex tyus play in euroleague . alex tyus plays for maccabi ashdod b . c . . maccabi ashdod b . c . coach zvi sherf
alex tyus play in turkish basketball super league . alex tyus plays for maccabi ashdod b . c . . maccabi ashdod b . c . coach zvi sherf
fc spartak moscow ground is in otkrytiye arena . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc tom tomsk . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow .
fc spartak moscow ground is in otkrytiye arena . michele aleksandr prudnikov played youth football for fc spartak moscow . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc anzhi makhachkala .
fc torpedo moscow played in the 2014 - 15 russian premier league season . aleksandr chumakov plays for fc torpedo moscow . valery petrakov manages fc torpedo moscow .
steve bruce manages hull city a . f . c . . abel hernandez plays for hull city a . f . c . . abel hernandez plays for uruguay olympic football team .
sergey sobyanin is the leader of moscow . aleksandr chumakov died in russia . aleksandr chumakov was born in moscow .
luis miguel ramis manages real madrid castilla . abner ( footballer ) plays for brazil national under - 20 football team . abner ( footballer ) plays for real madrid castilla .
luis miguel ramis manages real madrid castilla . abner ( footballer ) plays for real madrid castilla . abner ( footballer ) plays for c . d . fas .
st . louis is part of greater st . louis . alex tyus was born in st . louis . francis g . slay is the leader of st . louis .
tennessee titans is located in the city of nashville , tennessee . akeem ayers formerteam new england patriots akeem ayers debutteam tennessee titans
united petrotrin f . c . ground is in palo seco . akeem adams plays for trinidad and tobago national under - 20 football team . akeem adams plays for united petrotrin f . c . .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen . alexander nouri manages sv werder bremen ii . aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen ii . sv werder bremen ii play in 3 . liga .
abel hernandez plays for penarol . michele abel hernandez played youth football for central espanol . steve bruce manages hull city a . f . c . . abel hernandez plays for hull city a . f . c . .
michele abel hernandez played youth football for penarol . abel hernandez plays for central espanol . jorge orosman da silva manages penarol . abel hernandez plays for u . s . citta di palermo .
michele abel hernandez played youth football for penarol . giuseppe iachini manages u . s . citta di palermo . abel hernandez plays for u . s . citta di palermo . u . s . citta di palermo play in serie a .
adam mcquaid was born in prince edward island . adam mcquaid was born on 1986 - 10 - 12 . adam mcquaid weight 94 . 8024 ( kilograms ) adam mcquaid birthyear 1986
adam mcquaid draftteam columbus blue jackets boston bruins generalmanager don sweeney columbus blue jackets is located in the city of columbus , ohio . adam mcquaid plays for boston bruins .
akeem ayers formerteam st . louis rams akeem ayers was born on 1989 - 07 - 10 . akeem ayers debutteam tennessee titans akeem ayers birthyear 1989
akeem dent birthyear 1987 akeem dent formerteam houston texans akeem dent was born on 1987 - 09 - 27 . akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia .
akeem dent debutteam atlanta falcons akeem dent formerteam houston texans akeem dent was born on 1987 - 09 - 27 . akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia .
al kharaitiyat sc ground is in al khor . alaa abdul - zahra plays for al - zawra ' a sc . alaa abdul - zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc . amar osim manages al kharaitiyat sc .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc . al kharaitiyat sc ground is in al khor . alaa abdul - zahra plays for iraq national under - 23 football team . amar osim manages al kharaitiyat sc .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc . al kharaitiyat sc ground is in al khor . alaa abdul - zahra plays for shabab al - ordon club . amar osim manages al kharaitiyat sc .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for hamilton academical f . c . . alan martin ( footballer ) was born on 1989 - 01 - 01 . the height of alan martin ( footballer ) is 185 . 42 ( centimetres ) . alan martin ( footballer ) plays for crewe alexandra f . c . .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for scotland national under - 21 football team . alan martin ( footballer ) was born on 1989 - 01 - 01 . the height of alan martin ( footballer ) is 185 . 42 ( centimetres ) . alan martin ( footballer ) plays for crewe alexandra f . c . .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 1989 - 02 - 24 . the height of aleksandr prudnikov is 185 . 0 ( centimetres ) . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc dynamo moscow .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow . aleksandr prudnikov was born on 1989 - 02 - 24 . the height of aleksandr prudnikov is 185 . 0 ( centimetres ) . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc rubin kazan .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc karpaty lviv . aleksandre guruli was born in batumi . the height of aleksandre guruli is 178 . 0 ( centimetres ) . aleksandre guruli plays for fc zestafoni .
alex plante birthyear 1989 alex plante plays for anyang halla . alex plante was born in canada . alex plante was born on 1989 - 05 - 09 .
alex plante birthyear 1989 the height of alex plante is 1 . 9304 . alex plante plays for anyang halla . alex plante was born in canada .
the anthem of canada is called o canada romane . elizabeth ii is the leader of canada . aaron boogaard was born in canada . inuktitut is spoken in canada .
the anthem of canada is called o canada romane . elizabeth ii is the leader of canada . asian canadians are an ethnic group in the united canada . aaron boogaard was born in canada .
the anthem of canada is called o canada romane . elizabeth ii is the leader of canada . slavey language is spoken in canada . aaron boogaard was born in canada .
fc terek grozny ground is in grozny . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc terek grozny . rashid rakhimov manages fc terek grozny . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar .
fc torpedo moscow played in the 2014 - 15 russian premier league season . aleksandr chumakov plays for fc torpedo moscow . valery petrakov manages fc torpedo moscow . aleksandr tukmanov is the chairman of fc torpedo moscow .
houston texans is located in the city of texas . akeem dent debutteam atlanta falcons akeem dent formerteam houston texans houston texans is located in the city of houston .
penarol play in uruguayan primera division . michele abel hernandez played youth football for penarol . steve bruce manages hull city a . f . c . . abel hernandez plays for hull city a . f . c . .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 orbitalperiod 8788850000 . 0 ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 periapsis 6155910000000 . 0 ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 apoapsis 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres )
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 epoch 2013 - 11 - 04 ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 orbitalperiod 360 . 29 ( days ) ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 escapevelocity 0 . 0999 ( kilometreperseconds ) ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 apoapsis 254989570 . 60815 ( kilometres )
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 meantemperature 265 . 0 ( kelvins ) ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 apoapsis 254989570 . 60815 ( kilometres ) ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 epoch 2013 - 11 - 04 ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 orbitalperiod 360 . 29 ( days )
1000 piazzia epoch 2015 - 06 - 27 1000 piazzia orbitalperiod 488160 . 0 1000 piazzia periapsis 352497000000 . 0 1000 piazzia escapevelocity 0 . 0252 ( kilometreperseconds )
1001 gaussia discoverer sergey belyavsky 1001 gaussia epoch 2015 - 06 - 27 1001 gaussia was formerly called 1923 oaa907 xc . 1001 gaussia periapsis 419113394 . 55312 ( kilometres )
1036 ganymed discoverer walter baade walter baade was born in german empire . university of gottingen is walter baade almamater . walter baade doctoralstudent allan sandage
1036 ganymed discoverer walter baade walter baade doctoralstudent halton arp walter baade was born in preussisch oldendorf . university of gottingen is walter baade almamater .
1036 ganymed discoverer walter baade walter baade doctoralstudent halton arp walter baade died in west germany . university of gottingen is walter baade almamater .
103 hera discoverer james craig watson university of michigan is james craig watson almamater . james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin . james craig watson deathcause peritonitis
103 hera discoverer james craig watson james craig watson is from the canada states . james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin . 103 hera apoapsis 437170000 . 0 ( kilometres )
103 hera discoverer james craig watson james craig watson is from the canada states . james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin . james craig watson deathcause peritonitis
107 camilla discoverer n . r . pogson n . r . pogson died in chennai . 107 camilla periapsis 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) n . r . pogson was born in nottingham .
107 camilla discoverer n . r . pogson n . r . pogson died in chennai . n . r . pogson was born in nottingham . 107 camilla discovered 2001 - 03 - 01
1089 tama epoch 2005 - 11 - 26 1089 tama was formerly called a894 va ; a904 vd ; . 1089 tama orbitalperiod 1202 . 846 ( days ) 1089 tama periapsis 288749000000 . 0
1089 tama escapevelocity 0 . 0068 ( kilometreperseconds ) 1089 tama orbitalperiod 1202 . 846 ( days ) 1089 tama epoch 2005 - 11 - 26 1089 tama apoapsis 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres )
1097 vicia epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 1097 vicia mass 9 . 8 ( kilograms ) 1097 vicia orbitalperiod 135589000 . 0 1097 vicia apoapsis 511592000 . 0 ( kilometres )
109 felicitas epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 109 felicitas orbitalperiod 139705000 . 0 109 felicitas periapsis 283326000000 . 0 109 felicitas escapevelocity 0 . 0473 ( kilometreperseconds )
10 hygiea epoch 2015 - 06 - 27 10 hygiea was formerly called a900 ga . 10 hygiea orbitalperiod 5 . 57 ( days ) 10 hygiea periapsis 416136000000 . 0
1101 clematis epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 1101 clematis escapevelocity 0 . 02 ( kilometreperseconds ) 1101 clematis orbitalperiod 183309000 . 0 1101 clematis apoapsis 520906000 . 0 ( kilometres )
1101 clematis epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 1101 clematis was formerly called 1928 sj . 1101 clematis orbitalperiod 183309000 . 0 1101 clematis periapsis 445895000000 . 0
1101 clematis escapevelocity 0 . 02 ( kilometreperseconds ) 1101 clematis orbitalperiod 183309000 . 0 1101 clematis periapsis 445895000000 . 0 1101 clematis epoch 2006 - 12 - 31
1955 dodge engine v8 engine 1955 dodge manufacturer dodge 1955 dodge transmission 3 - speed automatic 1955 dodge wheelbase 120 . 0 ( inches )
1955 dodge relatedmeanoftransportation desoto custom desoto custom relatedmeanoftransportation chrysler newport desoto custom successor desoto firedome desoto custom manufacturer desoto ( automobile )
aida cruises is located in rostock . aidastella is operated by aida cruises . aidastella builder meyer werft aidastella is owned by costa crociere .
aidastella is operated by aida cruises . aidastella length 253260 . 0 ( millimetres ) aidastella builder meyer werft aidastella is owned by costa crociere .
alco rs - 3 builder american locomotive company alco rs - 3 builddate may 1950 - august 1956 alco rs - 3 engine v12 engine alco rs - 3 powertype diesel - electric transmission
alco rs - 3 builder american locomotive company alco rs - 3 length 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) alco rs - 3 engine v12 engine alco rs - 3 builddate may 1950 - august 1956
alco rs - 3 builder american locomotive company alco rs - 3 length 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) american locomotive company locationcountry united states marriott american locomotive company was founded in schenectady , new york
alco rs - 3 builder montreal locomotive works alco rs - 3 builddate may 1950 - august 1956 alco rs - 3 engine v12 engine alco rs - 3 powertype diesel - electric transmission
alco rs - 3 builder montreal locomotive works alco rs - 3 cylindercount 12 alco rs - 3 builddate may 1950 - august 1956 alco rs - 3 engine four - stroke engine
amc matador is also known as american motors matador . amc matador assembly mexico city amc matador bodystyle station wagon amc matador engine amc v8 engine
amc matador is also known as vam classic . amc matador assembly kenosha , wisconsin amc matador class is mid - size car . amc matador engine amc straight - 6 engine
acura tlx assembly marysville , ohio acura tlx class is mid - size car . acura tlx layout front - wheel drive / all - wheel drive acura tlx engine honda k engine
acura tlx assembly marysville auto plant acura tlx engine v6 engine acura tlx layout front - engine design acura tlx class is luxury vehicle .
aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) builder finland aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) shipbeam 21 . 2 aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) is in service . aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) builder arctech helsinki shipyard
aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) builder finland finns finland juha sipila is the leader of finland . aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) builder helsinki
aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) shipbeam 21 . 2 aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) is in service . aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) builder helsinki aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) builder arctech helsinki shipyard
alfa romeo 164 assembly italy alfa romeo 164 relatedmeanoftransportation saab 9000 alfa romeo 164 engine straight - four engine alfa romeo 164 relatedmeanoftransportation lancia thema
alfa romeo 164 relatedmeanoftransportation fiat croma alfa romeo 164 assembly italy alfa romeo 164 relatedmeanoftransportation saab 9000 alfa romeo 164 engine v6 engine
alhambra shipbeam 8 . 3 m alhambra length 63800 . 0 ( millimetres ) alhambra shiplaunch 1855 - 05 - 31 alhambra is wrecked .
alvis speed 25 manufacturer alvis car and engineering company marriott alvis car and engineering company was founded in coventry alvis speed 25 engine petrol alvis car and engineering company successor rover company
alvis speed 25 manufacturer alvis car and engineering company marriott alvis car and engineering company was founded in coventry alvis speed 25 engine straight - six engine alvis car and engineering company successor rover company
american motors successor eagle ( automobile ) amc matador manufacturer american motors american motors fate chrysler rona roy d . chapin , jr . is the key person for american motors .
american submarine nr - 1 shipbeam 3 . 8 m american submarine nr - 1 shiplaunch 1969 - 01 - 25 american submarine nr - 1 topspeed 8 . 334 american submarine nr - 1 builder general dynamics electric boat
american submarine nr - 1 shiplaunch 1969 - 01 - 25 american submarine nr - 1 topspeed 8 . 334 american submarine nr - 1 length 45000 . 0 ( millimetres ) american submarine nr - 1 shipbeam 3 . 8 m
antares ( rocket ) manufacturer yuzhnoye design office antares ( rocket ) finalflight 2014 - 10 - 28 antares ( rocket ) maidenflight 2013 - 04 - 21 antares ( rocket ) launchsite mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0
antares ( rocket ) manufacturer yuzhnoye design office antares ( rocket ) maidenflight 2013 - 04 - 21 antares ( rocket ) launchsite mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 antares ( rocket ) finalflight 2013 - 09 - 18
aston martin v8 assembly united kingdom london is the capital of united kingdom . aston martin v8 successor aston martin virage aston martin virage manufacturer aston martin
aston martin v8 relatedmeanoftransportation aston martin dbs aston martin v8 engine 5 . 3 ( litres ) aston martin v8 assembly united kingdom aston martin v8 relatedmeanoftransportation aston martin rham / 1
aston martin v8 relatedmeanoftransportation aston martin dbs aston martin v8 engine 5 . 3 ( litres ) aston martin v8 successor aston martin virage aston martin virage manufacturer aston martin
atlas ii diameter 3 . 04 m atlas ii finalflight 2002 - 12 - 05 atlas ii launchsite vandenberg air force base atlas ii launchsite cape canaveral air force station
audi a1 class is supermini . audi a1 engine 1 . 2 ( litres ) audi a1 layout front - engine , front - wheel - drive layout audi a1 assembly audi brussels
audi a1 manufacturer audi audi was august horch baron reith . audi belongs to the division of audi e - tron . audi subsidiary ducati
caterpillar inc . is located in illinois . marriott caterpillar inc . was founded in california aidaluna is owned by aida cruises . aidaluna powertype caterpillar inc .
costa crociere is located in genoa . aidastella is operated by aida cruises . aidastella builder meyer werft aidastella is owned by costa crociere .
delta ii launchsite cape canaveral air force station antares ( rocket ) comparable delta ii delta ii countryorigin united states antares ( rocket ) launchsite mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0
delta ii launchsite vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 delta ii launchsite cape canaveral air force station antares ( rocket ) comparable delta ii delta ii countryorigin united states
fiat croma relatedmeanoftransportation opel vectra alfa romeo 164 assembly italy alfa romeo 164 relatedmeanoftransportation fiat croma alfa romeo 164 bodystyle sedan ( automobile )
fiat croma relatedmeanoftransportation opel vectra alfa romeo 164 relatedmeanoftransportation fiat croma alfa romeo 164 assembly milan alfa romeo 164 bodystyle sedan ( automobile )
general dynamics electric boat is the parent company of the general dynamics press . american submarine nr - 1 shipbeam 3 . 8 m american submarine nr - 1 builder general dynamics electric boat general dynamics electric boat is located in groton , connecticut .
stanislaw tillich is the leader of germany . neptun werft is located in rostock . rostock is located in germany . a - rosa luna builder neptun werft
washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . english language is spoken in united states . atlas ii countryorigin united states african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
americans united states washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . atlas ii countryorigin united states african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
aaron bertram associatedband / associatedmusicalartist kids imagine nation aaron bertram associatedband / associatedmusicalartist suburban legends suburban legends bandmember brian robertson ( trombonist ) aaron bertram is in the genre of ska punk .
aaron deer background solo singer aaron deer is in the genre of psychedelia . aaron deer origin indianapolis aaron deer origin indiana
aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist isis ( band ) aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist sumac ( band ) aaron turner is in the genre of electroacoustic music . aaron turner instrument singing
aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist twilight ( band ) aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist old man gloom aaron turner is in the genre of post - metal . aaron turner activeyearsstartyear 1995
aaron turner is in the genre of black metal . aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist sumac ( band ) aaron turner instrument electric guitar black metal musicfusiongenre death metal
ace wilder background solo singer ace wilder birthyear 1982 ace wilder was born in stockholm . ace wilder was born on 1982 - 07 - 23 .
ace wilder background solo singer ace wilder birthyear 1982 ace wilder was born in sweden . ace wilder was born on 1982 - 07 - 23 .
ace wilder background solo singer ace wilder birthyear 1982 ace wilder was a test songwriter . ace wilder was born in stockholm .
ace wilder background solo singer ace wilder birthyear 1982 ace wilder was a test songwriter . ace wilder was born in sweden .
ahmet ertegun is in the genre of rhythm and blues . ahmet ertegun origin washington , d . c . ahmet ertegun background non performing personnel ahmet ertegun origin united states
ahmet ertegun is in the genre of rock and roll . ahmet ertegun origin united states rock and roll stylisticorigin blues african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states .
albennie jones activeyearsendyear 1950 albennie jones is in the genre of rhythm and blues . rhythm and blues stylisticorigin blues rhythm and blues derivative disco
albennie jones is in the genre of jazz . jazz stylisticorigin blues african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . albennie jones was born in united states .
aleksandra kovac birthyear 1972 aleksandra kovac is in the genre of pop music . aleksandra kovac was born in belgrade . aleksandra kovac background solo singer
aleksandra kovac is in the genre of rhythm and blues . aleksandra kovac background solo singer aleksandra kovac birthyear 1972 aleksandra kovac was born in socialist republic of serbia .
alex day associatedband / associatedmusicalartist chameleon circuit ( band ) alex day is in the genre of acoustic music . alex day associatedband / associatedmusicalartist charlie mcdonnell alex day activeyearsstartyear 2006
alex day associatedband / associatedmusicalartist chameleon circuit ( band ) alex day is in the genre of electronic music . alex day associatedband / associatedmusicalartist charlie mcdonnell alex day activeyearsstartyear 2006
alfred garth jones died in london . alfred garth jones was born in england . alfred garth jones was born in manchester . alfred garth jones birthyear 1872
alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo . montevideo is located in uruguay . uruguayans uruguay daniel martinez ( politician ) is the leader of montevideo .
alfredo zitarrosa recordlabel rca records alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay . alfredo zitarrosa is in the genre of candombe . alfredo zitarrosa background solo singer
alison o ' donnell associatedband / associatedmusicalartist bajik alison o ' donnell associatedband / associatedmusicalartist flibbertigibbet alison o ' donnell is in the genre of folk music . alison o ' donnell activeyearsstartyear 1963
alison o ' donnell associatedband / associatedmusicalartist mellow candle alison o ' donnell associatedband / associatedmusicalartist head south by weaving alison o ' donnell is in the genre of folk music . alison o ' donnell activeyearsstartyear 1963
alison o ' donnell is in the genre of jazz . alison o ' donnell recordlabel deram records deram records is located in london . alison o ' donnell recordlabel floating world records
alison o ' donnell is in the genre of jazz . alison o ' donnell recordlabel deram records deram records is located in london . alison o ' donnell recordlabel fruits de mer records
allen forrest birthyear 1981 allen forrest is in the genre of acoustic music . allen forrest was born in fort campbell . allen forrest background solo singer
allen forrest is in the genre of hip hop music . allen forrest birthyear 1981 allen forrest was born in fort campbell , ky , raised in dothan , al . allen forrest background solo singer
alternative rock musicfusiongenre nu metal alternative rock stylisticorigin punk rock andrew white ( musician ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist marry banilow andrew white ( musician ) is in the genre of alternative rock .
anders osborne associatedband / associatedmusicalartist billy iuso anders osborne associatedband / associatedmusicalartist tab benoit anders osborne is in the genre of rock music . anders osborne associatedband / associatedmusicalartist galactic
anders osborne recordlabel alligator records alligator records is in the genre of blues . alligator records is located in chicago . anders osborne recordlabel shanachie records
andra ( singer ) is in the genre of dance - pop . andra ( singer ) was a test singing . andra ( singer ) was born in romania . andra ( singer ) background solo singer
andra ( singer ) is in the genre of rhythm and blues . rhythm and blues derivative funk rhythm and blues stylisticorigin blues rhythm and blues derivative disco
andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist christian burns andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist jonathan mendelsohn andrew rayel is in the genre of trance music . andrew rayel activeyearsstartyear 2009
andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist jwaydan moyine trance music stylisticorigin house music andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist christian burns andrew rayel is in the genre of trance music .
andrew white ( musician ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist kaiser chiefs andrew white ( musician ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist marry banilow andrew white ( musician ) is in the genre of alternative rock . andrew white ( musician ) activeyearsstartyear 2003
andrew white ( musician ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist kaiser chiefs andrew white ( musician ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist marry banilow andrew white ( musician ) recordlabel universal records ( defunct record label ) andrew white ( musician ) activeyearsstartyear 2003
asuncion is part of gran asuncion . agustin barboza died in asuncion . juan afara is the leader of paraguay . agustin barboza died in paraguay .
country music instrument banjo al anderson ( nrbq band ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist nrbq al anderson ( nrbq band ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist the wildweeds al anderson ( nrbq band ) is in the genre of country music .
hip hop music stylisticorigin disco allen forrest is in the genre of hip hop music . hip hop music stylisticorigin funk hip hop music derivative drum and bass
manchester is part of greater manchester . alfred garth jones was born in england . alfred garth jones was born in manchester . labour party ( uk ) is the leader of manchester .
post - metal instrument cello aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist twilight ( band ) aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist house of low culture aaron turner is in the genre of post - metal .
twilight ( band ) is in the genre of black metal . aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist twilight ( band ) aaron turner instrument electric guitar black metal musicfusiongenre death metal
african americans are an ethnic group in the united united states . albennie jones is in the genre of rhythm and blues . rhythm and blues stylisticorigin blues albennie jones was born in united states .
one of the noted aaron s . daggett air force battles was the american civil war of grenada . aaron s . daggett won the purple heart award . aaron s . daggett died in west roxbury . aaron s . daggett was born in maine .
one of the noted aaron s . daggett air force battles was the battle of the wilderness of grenada . aaron s . daggett won the purple heart award . aaron s . daggett died in west roxbury . aaron s . daggett was born in maine .
erasmus university rotterdam is ab klink almamater . erasmus university rotterdam is affiliated with association of mbas . ab klink office ( workedat , workedas ) ministry of health , welfare and sport ( netherlands ) ab klink was born in netherlands .
abdul taib mahmud party parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu abdul taib mahmud is from the asajaya region . abdul taib mahmud resides in the kuching states . abdul taib mahmud was born in miri , malaysia .
abdul taib mahmud resides in the sarawak states . abdul taib mahmud party parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu abdul taib mahmud is from the asajaya region . abdul taib mahmud was born in kingdom of sarawak .
abdul taib mahmud successor adenan satem adenan satem was born in japanese occupation of british borneo . abdul taib mahmud resides in the sarawak states . abdul taib mahmud party barisan ra ' ayat jati sarawak
abdul taib mahmud successor adenan satem adenan satem was born in japanese occupation of british borneo . abdul taib mahmud resides in the sarawak states . abdul taib mahmud party parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu
abdulsalami abubakar inofficewhilevicepresident mike akhigbe abdulsalami abubakar militarybranch nigerian army mike akhigbe predecessor oladipo diya mike akhigbe successor atiku abubakar
abdulsalami abubakar inofficewhilevicepresident mike akhigbe mike akhigbe predecessor oladipo diya abdulsalami abubakar successor al - amin daggash abdulsalami abubakar militarybranch nigerian air force
abel caballero inofficewhilemonarch juan carlos i of spain juan carlos i of spain predecessor francisco franco abel caballero inofficewhileprimeminister felipe gonzalez abel caballero was born in galicia ( spain ) .
abel caballero office ( workedat , workedas ) minister of transport abel caballero was born in galicia ( spain ) . abel caballero was born in spain . abel caballero party spanish socialist workers ' party
abraham a . ribicoff spouse casey ribicoff native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . abraham a . ribicoff was born in new britain , connecticut . abraham a . ribicoff is from the united states states .
one of the noted adam holloway air force battles was the gulf war of grenada . adam holloway was born in kent . adam holloway activeyearsstartdate 2005 - 05 - 05 magdalene college , cambridge is adam holloway almamater .
one of the noted adam koc air force battles was the polish - soviet war of grenada . polish language is spoken in poland . polish - soviet war 12 was commanded by joseph stalin . adam koc is from the poland states .
one of the noted adam koc air force battles was the polish - soviet war of grenada . polish - soviet war ispartofmilitaryconflict russian civil war adam koc died in new york city . polish - soviet war 12 was commanded by joseph stalin .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens . adonis georgiadis was born in greece . adonis georgiadis office ( workedat , workedas ) vice - president of new democracy adonis georgiadis successor makis voridis
adonis georgiadis was born in athens . adonis georgiadis was born in greece . adonis georgiadis office ( workedat , workedas ) ministry of economy , development and tourism ( greece ) adonis georgiadis successor makis voridis
adonis georgiadis office ( workedat , workedas ) member of the hellenic parliament adonis georgiadis was born in athens . adonis georgiadis was born in greece . adonis georgiadis successor makis voridis
agnes kant is from the netherlands states . the euro is the currency in netherlands . emile roemer party socialist party ( netherlands ) emile roemer is the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) .
agnes kant is from the netherlands states . mark rutte is the leader of netherlands . agnes kant office ( workedat , workedas ) house of representatives ( netherlands ) agnes kant party socialist party ( netherlands )
agnes kant is from the netherlands states . mark rutte is the leader of netherlands . emile roemer party socialist party ( netherlands ) emile roemer is the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) .
agnes kant is from the netherlands states . socialist party ( netherlands ) colour red emile roemer is the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) . agnes kant party socialist party ( netherlands )
one of the noted airey neave air force battles was the battle of france of grenada . airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london . airey neave activeyearsstartdate 1953 - 06 - 30 airey neave activeyearsenddate 1979 - 03 - 30
one of the noted airey neave air force battles was the battle of france of grenada . airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london . airey neave activeyearsstartdate 1974 - 03 - 04 airey neave activeyearsenddate 1979 - 03 - 30
airey neave unit royal artillery royal artillery garrison hohne one of the noted airey neave air force battles was the world war ii of grenada . world war ii 12 was commanded by chiang kai - shek .
albert b . white was born in cleveland . albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia . albert b . white successor william m . o . dawson william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland .
albert b . white successor william m . o . dawson albert b . white was born in cleveland . albert b . white activeyearsenddate 1905 - 03 - 04 albert b . white activeyearsstartdate 1901 - 03 - 04
albert jennings fountain was born in new york . french language is spoken in new york . american civil war 12 was commanded by abraham lincoln . one of the noted albert jennings fountain air force battles was the american civil war of grenada .
albert jennings fountain died in dona ana county , new mexico . albert jennings fountain was born in new york city . one of the noted albert jennings fountain air force battles was the american civil war of grenada . american civil war 12 was commanded by jefferson davis .
albert jennings fountain died in new mexico territory . albert jennings fountain died in united states . albert jennings fountain was born in new york . albert jennings fountain was born in staten island .
alberto teisaire died in buenos aires . horacio rodriguez larreta is the leader of buenos aires . alberto teisaire party justicialist party alberto teisaire inofficewhilepresident juan peron
alberto teisaire office ( workedat , workedas ) provisional president of the argentine senate alberto teisaire profession rear admiral alberto teisaire successor isaac rojas alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina .
alfred moore scales successor daniel gould fowle alfred moore scales office ( workedat , workedas ) governor of north carolina alfred moore scales party democratic party ( united states ) alfred moore scales was born in reidsville , north carolina .
alfred n . phillips militarybranch united states army one of the noted united states army air force battles was the whiskey rebellion of grenada . alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut . alfred n . phillips office ( workedat , workedas ) member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district
alfred n . phillips party democratic party ( united states ) alfred n . phillips successor albert e . austin alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut . alfred n . phillips office ( workedat , workedas ) member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district
alfred n . phillips party democratic party ( united states ) alfred n . phillips successor albert e . austin alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut . alfred n . phillips office ( workedat , workedas ) mayor of stamford , connecticut
allan shivers party democratic party ( united states ) allan shivers successor price daniel allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas . allan shivers office ( workedat , workedas ) governor of texas
allan shivers party democratic party ( united states ) allan shivers successor wilfred r . cousins , jr . allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas . allan shivers office ( workedat , workedas ) governor of texas
alvah sabin office ( workedat , workedas ) secretary of state of vermont alvah sabin is from the vermont ' s 3rd congressional district region . burlington , vermont is the largest city in vermont . alvah sabin is located in the state of vermont .
alvah sabin party whig party ( united states ) daniel webster is the leader of whig party ( united states ) . alvah sabin is from the vermont region . burlington , vermont is the largest city in vermont .
battle of gettysburg ispartofmilitaryconflict american civil war american civil war 12 was commanded by robert e . lee . one of the noted aaron s . daggett air force battles was the battle of gettysburg of grenada . aaron s . daggett won the purple heart award .
juan peron party labour party ( argentina ) alberto teisaire is from the argentina states . spanish language is spoken in argentina . alberto teisaire inofficewhilepresident juan peron
juan peron party labour party ( argentina ) alberto teisaire successor isaac rojas alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina . alberto teisaire inofficewhilepresident juan peron
aida cruises is located in germany . costa crociere is the parent company of the carnival corporation & plc press . aidastella is operated by aida cruises . aidastella builder meyer werft aidastella is owned by costa crociere .
aidastella is operated by aida cruises . aidastella shipbeam 32 . 2 aidastella topspeed 38 . 892 aidastella builder meyer werft aidastella length 253260 . 0 ( millimetres )
alco rs - 3 builder american locomotive company alco rs - 3 length 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) alco rs - 3 cylindercount 12 alco rs - 3 builddate may 1950 - august 1956 alco rs - 3 engine four - stroke engine
alco rs - 3 builder american locomotive company alco rs - 3 length 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) alco rs - 3 cylindercount 12 alco rs - 3 engine v12 engine alco rs - 3 builddate may 1950 - august 1956
alv x - 1 countryorigin united states native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . americans united states washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . the anthem of united states is called the star - spangled banner romane .
amc matador is also known as american motors matador . amc matador assembly thames , new zealand amc matador bodystyle station wagon amc matador class is mid - size car . amc matador engine amc v8 engine
alhambra is owned by p & o ( company ) . p & o ( company ) is located in london . alhambra shipbeam 8 . 3 m alhambra powertype humphrys , tennant and dykes alhambra builder samuda brothers
american motors successor eagle ( automobile ) american motors subsidiary wheel horse amc matador manufacturer american motors american motors fate chrysler rona roy d . chapin , jr . is the key person for american motors .
american submarine nr - 1 shiplaunch 1969 - 01 - 25 american submarine nr - 1 topspeed 8 . 334 american submarine nr - 1 shipdraft 4 . 6 m american submarine nr - 1 length 45000 . 0 ( millimetres ) american submarine nr - 1 shipbeam 3 . 8 m
antares ( rocket ) launchsite mid - atlantic regional spaceport antares ( rocket ) comparable delta ii delta ii countryorigin united states antares ( rocket ) launchsite mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 associatedrocket minotaur iv
antares ( rocket ) manufacturer yuzhnoye design office antares ( rocket ) finalflight 2014 - 07 - 13 antares ( rocket ) maidenflight 2014 - 10 - 28 antares ( rocket ) launchsite mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 antares ( rocket ) diameter 3 . 9 ( metres )
antares ( rocket ) manufacturer yuzhnoye design office antares ( rocket ) maidenflight 2014 - 10 - 28 antares ( rocket ) launchsite mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 antares ( rocket ) diameter 3 . 9 ( metres ) antares ( rocket ) finalflight 2013 - 09 - 18
ariane 5 finalflight 2009 - 12 - 18 ariane 5 maidenflight 2005 - 08 - 11 ariane 5 manufacturer airbus defence and space ariane 5 launchsite guiana space centre ariane 5 diameter 5 . 4 ( metres )
arianespace is located in courcouronnes . guiana space centre is headquartered at jinnah french guiana airport . ela - 3 site guiana space centre ariane 5 launchsite ela - 3 ela - 3 is operated by arianespace .
aston martin v8 relatedmeanoftransportation aston martin dbs aston martin dbs successor aston martin vantage aston martin v8 assembly newport pagnell aston martin v8 engine 5 . 3 ( litres ) aston martin v8 manufacturer aston martin
aston martin v8 relatedmeanoftransportation aston martin dbs aston martin v8 bodystyle coupe aston martin v8 engine 5 . 3 ( litres ) aston martin v8 relatedmeanoftransportation aston martin rham / 1 aston martin v8 assembly newport pagnell
aston martin v8 relatedmeanoftransportation aston martin dbs elizabeth ii is the leader of united kingdom . aston martin v8 assembly united kingdom aston martin v8 successor aston martin virage aston martin virage manufacturer aston martin
audi a1 engine 1 . 2 ( litres ) audi a1 layout front - engine , front - wheel - drive layout audi a1 assembly brussels , belgium audi a1 class is supermini . audi a1 bodystyle hatchback
audi a1 manufacturer audi audi was august horch baron reith . audi subsidiary ducati audi belongs to the division of audi e - tron . audi subsidiary lamborghini
marriott caterpillar inc . was founded in california marriott caterpillar inc . was founded in united states caterpillar inc . is located in peoria , illinois . aidaluna is owned by aida cruises . aidaluna powertype caterpillar inc .
rona douglas r . oberhelman is the key person for caterpillar inc . . marriott caterpillar inc . was founded in united states aida cruises is located in rostock . aidaluna is owned by aida cruises . aidaluna powertype caterpillar inc .
rona douglas r . oberhelman is the key person for caterpillar inc . . marriott caterpillar inc . was founded in united states caterpillar inc . is located in peoria , illinois . aidaluna is owned by aida cruises . aidaluna powertype caterpillar inc .
costa crociere is located in genoa . costa crociere is the parent company of the carnival corporation & plc press . aidastella is operated by aida cruises . aidastella builder meyer werft aidastella is owned by costa crociere .
finns finland sami languages is spoken in finland . juha sipila is the leader of finland . aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) builder finland aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) builder arctech helsinki shipyard
berlin is the capital of germany . neptun werft is located in rostock . joachim gauck is the leader of germany . rostock is located in germany . a - rosa luna builder neptun werft
andreas vosskuhle is the leader of germany . berlin is the capital of germany . neptun werft is located in rostock . rostock is located in germany . a - rosa luna builder neptun werft
americans united states washington , d . c . is the capital of united states . english language is spoken in united states . atlas ii countryorigin united states native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states .
michele abel hernandez played youth football for penarol . central espanol play in uruguayan segunda division . abel hernandez plays for central espanol . jorge orosman da silva manages penarol . abel hernandez plays for u . s . citta di palermo .
aleksandr chumakov died in russia . valentina matviyenko is the leader of russia . aleksandr chumakov plays for fc torpedo moscow . aleksandr chumakov plays for soviet union national football team . valery petrakov manages fc torpedo moscow .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc karpaty lviv . oleh luzhny manages fc karpaty lviv . jean - michel aulas is the chairman of olympique lyonnais . aleksandre guruli plays for olympique lyonnais . olympique lyonnais ground is in parc olympique lyonnais .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . c . milan . a . c . milan play in serie a . sinisa mihajlovic manages a . c . milan . alessio romagnoli position defender ( football ) alessio romagnoli plays for u . c . sampdoria .
alessio romagnoli currentclub a . c . milan sinisa mihajlovic manages a . c . milan . silvio berlusconi is the chairman of a . c . milan . alessio romagnoli plays for italy national under - 17 football team . alessio romagnoli plays for u . c . sampdoria .
central espanol play in uruguayan segunda division . michele abel hernandez played youth football for central espanol . giuseppe iachini manages u . s . citta di palermo . abel hernandez plays for uruguay national football team . abel hernandez plays for u . s . citta di palermo .
sergey rodionov is the chairman of fc spartak moscow . fc spartak moscow ground is in otkrytiye arena . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc amkar perm . gadzhi gadzhiyev manages fc amkar perm .
sergey rodionov is the chairman of fc spartak moscow . fc terek grozny ground is in grozny . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc terek grozny . rashid rakhimov manages fc terek grozny .
fc terek grozny ground is in grozny . michele aleksandr prudnikov played youth football for fc spartak moscow . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc terek grozny . rashid rakhimov manages fc terek grozny . aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc dynamo moscow .
fc torpedo moscow played in the 2014 - 15 russian premier league season . aleksandr chumakov was born in soviet union . aleksandr chumakov plays for fc torpedo moscow . aleksandr chumakov plays for soviet union national football team . valery petrakov manages fc torpedo moscow .
thomas doll manages ferencvarosi tc . united petrotrin f . c . ground is in palo seco . akeem adams plays for ferencvarosi tc . gabor kubatov is the chairman of ferencvarosi tc . akeem adams plays for united petrotrin f . c . .
thomas doll manages ferencvarosi tc . united petrotrin f . c . ground is in palo seco velodrome . akeem adams plays for ferencvarosi tc . gabor kubatov is the chairman of ferencvarosi tc . akeem adams plays for united petrotrin f . c . .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 mass 5 . 6 ( kilograms ) ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 orbitalperiod 8788850000 . 0 ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 periapsis 6155910000000 . 0 ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 apoapsis 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres )
101 helena discoverer james craig watson university of michigan is james craig watson almamater . 101 helena discovered 1868 - 08 - 15 james craig watson is from the canada states . james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin .
101 helena discoverer james craig watson university of michigan is james craig watson almamater . james craig watson stateoforigin canada james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin . james craig watson deathcause peritonitis
1036 ganymed discoverer walter baade walter baade died in gottingen . walter baade was born in german empire . university of gottingen is walter baade almamater . walter baade doctoralstudent allan sandage
1036 ganymed discoverer walter baade walter baade doctoralstudent halton arp walter baade doctoralstudent allan sandage walter baade was born in german empire . university of gottingen is walter baade almamater .
1036 ganymed discoverer walter baade walter baade is from the germany states . walter baade was born in german empire . university of gottingen is walter baade almamater . walter baade doctoralstudent allan sandage
103 hera discoverer james craig watson university of michigan is james craig watson almamater . 103 hera discovered 1868 - 09 - 07 james craig watson is from the canada states . james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin .
103 hera discoverer james craig watson university of michigan is james craig watson almamater . 103 hera periapsis 371240000 . 0 ( kilometres ) james craig watson is from the canada states . james craig watson died in madison , wisconsin .
107 camilla discoverer b . zellner 107 camilla orbitalperiod 2368 . 05 ( days ) 107 camilla periapsis 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) 107 camilla epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 107 camilla apoapsis 560937000 . 0 ( kilometres )
107 camilla discoverer c . woods 107 camilla orbitalperiod 2368 . 05 ( days ) 107 camilla periapsis 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) 107 camilla epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 107 camilla apoapsis 560937000 . 0 ( kilometres )
107 camilla discoverer f . vilas 107 camilla epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 107 camilla orbitalperiod 2368 . 05 ( days ) 107 camilla periapsis 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) 107 camilla apoapsis 560937000 . 0 ( kilometres )
107 camilla discoverer n . r . pogson n . r . pogson died in chennai . 107 camilla absolutemagnitude 7 . 08 n . r . pogson was born in nottingham . n . r . pogson is from the england states .
1089 tama epoch 2005 - 11 - 26 1089 tama escapevelocity 0 . 0068 ( kilometreperseconds ) 1089 tama was formerly called a919 ha ; 1927 wb ; . 1089 tama orbitalperiod 1202 . 846 ( days ) 1089 tama apoapsis 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres )
1101 clematis epoch 2006 - 12 - 31 1101 clematis escapevelocity 0 . 02 ( kilometreperseconds ) 1101 clematis mass 5 . 7 ( kilograms ) 1101 clematis orbitalperiod 183309000 . 0 1101 clematis apoapsis 520906000 . 0 ( kilometres )
11264 claudiomaccone epoch 2005 - 11 - 26 11264 claudiomaccone orbitalperiod 1513 . 722 ( days ) 11264 claudiomaccone periapsis 296521000 . 0 ( kilometres ) 11264 claudiomaccone apoapsis 475426000 . 0 ( kilometres ) 11264 claudiomaccone temperature 173 . 0 ( kelvins )
abdul taib mahmud party parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu abdul taib mahmud is from the asajaya region . abdul taib mahmud resides in the kuching states . abdul taib mahmud was born in miri , malaysia . abdul taib mahmud was born on 1936 - 05 - 21 .
abdul taib mahmud successor adenan satem abdul taib mahmud party parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu abdul taib mahmud was born in kingdom of sarawak . abdul taib mahmud resides in the demak jaya , jalan bako , kuching , sarawak states . university of adelaide is adenan satem almamater .
abdulsalami abubakar inofficewhilevicepresident mike akhigbe abdulsalami abubakar activeyearsenddate 1999 - 05 - 29 mike akhigbe predecessor oladipo diya mike akhigbe militarybranch nigerian navy mike akhigbe successor atiku abubakar
abdulsalami abubakar successor olusegun obasanjo abdulsalami abubakar inofficewhilevicepresident mike akhigbe abdulsalami abubakar activeyearsenddate 1999 - 05 - 29 abdulsalami abubakar militarybranch nigerian army mike akhigbe predecessor oladipo diya
abraham a . ribicoff died in united states . abraham a . ribicoff party democratic party ( united states ) abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut . abraham a . ribicoff is from the united states states . abraham a . ribicoff office ( workedat , workedas ) governor of connecticut
abraham a . ribicoff office ( workedat , workedas ) united states secretary of health , education , and welfare abraham a . ribicoff party democratic party ( united states ) abraham a . ribicoff died in new york city . abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut . abraham a . ribicoff is from the united states states .
abraham a . ribicoff spouse casey ribicoff native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut . abraham a . ribicoff is from the united states states . abraham a . ribicoff died in new york .
adam holloway was born in kent . adam holloway office ( workedat , workedas ) member of parliament for gravesham adam holloway activeyearsstartdate 2005 - 05 - 05 adam holloway militarybranch grenadier guards magdalene college , cambridge is adam holloway almamater .
adam holloway party conservative party ( uk ) adam holloway was born in faversham , kent , england . adam holloway activeyearsstartdate 2005 - 05 - 05 adam holloway militarybranch grenadier guards magdalene college , cambridge is adam holloway almamater .
adonis georgiadis inofficewhileprimeminister antonis samaras antonis samaras inofficewhileprimeminister konstantinos mitsotakis adonis georgiadis was born in greece . adonis georgiadis was born in athens . adonis georgiadis successor makis voridis
agnes kant is from the netherlands states . mark rutte is the leader of netherlands . agnes kant office ( workedat , workedas ) house of representatives ( netherlands ) emile roemer party socialist party ( netherlands ) emile roemer is the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) .
agnes kant is from the netherlands states . mark rutte is the leader of netherlands . agnes kant office ( workedat , workedas ) house of representatives ( netherlands ) khadija arib is the leader of house of representatives ( netherlands ) . agnes kant resides in the doesburg states .
agnes kant is from the netherlands states . mark rutte is the leader of netherlands . agnes kant resides in the doesburg states . emile roemer party socialist party ( netherlands ) emile roemer is the leader of socialist party ( netherlands ) .
albert b . white birthyear 1856 albert b . white deathyear 1941 albert b . white was born on 1856 - 09 - 22 . albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia . albert b . white dateofdeath 1941 - 07 - 03
albert b . white spouse agnes ward white albert b . white was born in cleveland . albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia . albert b . white successor william m . o . dawson william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland .
albert b . white spouse agnes ward white albert b . white successor william m . o . dawson albert b . white office ( workedat , workedas ) governor of west virginia albert b . white was born in cleveland . albert b . white activeyearsenddate 1905 - 03 - 04
albert b . white successor william m . o . dawson albert b . white party republican party ( united states ) albert b . white was born in cleveland . albert b . white activeyearsenddate 1905 - 03 - 04 albert b . white activeyearsstartdate 1901 - 03 - 04
alberto teisaire died in buenos aires . juan peron spouse eva peron juan peron party labour party ( argentina ) horacio rodriguez larreta is the leader of buenos aires . alberto teisaire inofficewhilepresident juan peron
alberto teisaire office ( workedat , workedas ) provisional president of the argentine senate alberto teisaire profession rear admiral alberto teisaire successor isaac rojas alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina . alberto teisaire was born on 1891 - 05 - 20 .
alfons gorbach died in styria . alfons gorbach party austrian people ' s party alfons gorbach died in graz . alfons gorbach was born in tyrol ( state ) . alfons gorbach was born in austria .
alfons gorbach died in styria . alfons gorbach party austrian people ' s party alfons gorbach died in graz . alfons gorbach was born in tyrol ( state ) . alfons gorbach was born in imst .
alvah sabin activeyearsenddate 1857 - 03 - 03 alvah sabin is from the vermont ' s 3rd congressional district region . burlington , vermont is the largest city in vermont . alvah sabin is located in the state of vermont . alvah sabin died in sycamore , illinois .
alvah sabin is from the vermont ' s 3rd congressional district region . alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont . burlington , vermont is the largest city in vermont . alvah sabin is located in the state of vermont . alvah sabin died in sycamore , illinois .
american civil war 12 was commanded by jefferson davis . alfred moore scales is located in united states . one of the noted alfred moore scales air force battles was the battle of gettysburg of grenada . native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . battle of gettysburg ispartofmilitaryconflict american civil war
american civil war 12 was commanded by jefferson davis . alfred moore scales is located in united states . native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in the united united states . one of the noted alfred moore scales air force battles was the siege of petersburg of grenada . siege of petersburg ispartofmilitaryconflict american civil war
juan peron spouse eva peron juan peron party labour party ( argentina ) alberto teisaire is from the argentina states . spanish language is spoken in argentina . alberto teisaire inofficewhilepresident juan peron
aaron bertram associatedband / associatedmusicalartist kids imagine nation aaron bertram associatedband / associatedmusicalartist suburban legends suburban legends bandmember brian robertson ( trombonist ) aaron bertram is in the genre of ska punk . ska punk stylisticorigin punk rock
aaron deer is in the genre of indie rock . aaron deer origin united states aaron deer associatedband / associatedmusicalartist wee giant aaron deer background solo singer aaron deer origin indiana
aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist old man gloom aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist lotus eaters ( band ) aaron turner is in the genre of black metal . aaron turner origin united states aaron turner activeyearsstartyear 1995
aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist twilight ( band ) aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist lotus eaters ( band ) aaron turner is in the genre of sludge metal . aaron turner origin massachusetts aaron turner activeyearsstartyear 1995
abradab associatedband / associatedmusicalartist magik ( rapper ) abradab associatedband / associatedmusicalartist kaliber 44 abradab was born in katowice . abradab was born in poland . abradab was born on 1978 - 11 - 12 .
ace wilder background solo singer ace wilder birthyear 1982 ace wilder was a test singing . ace wilder was born in sweden . ace wilder was born on 1982 - 07 - 23 .
ace wilder background solo singer ace wilder birthyear 1982 ace wilder was a test songwriter . ace wilder was born in stockholm . ace wilder was born on 1982 - 07 - 23 .
ace wilder is in the genre of hip hop music . hip hop music musicsubgenre gangsta rap hip hop music stylisticorigin funk hip hop music derivative drum and bass hip hop music stylisticorigin disco
ace wilder is in the genre of hip hop music . hip hop music stylisticorigin funk ace wilder was born in sweden . hip hop music derivative drum and bass hip hop music stylisticorigin disco
al anderson ( nrbq band ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist nrbq al anderson ( nrbq band ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist the wildweeds al anderson ( nrbq band ) was born in windsor , connecticut . al anderson ( nrbq band ) is in the genre of rock music . al anderson ( nrbq band ) activeyearsstartyear 1966
al anderson ( nrbq band ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist nrbq rock music musicfusiongenre bhangra ( music ) al anderson ( nrbq band ) instrument guitar al anderson ( nrbq band ) is in the genre of rock music . rock music stylisticorigin country music
alan frew was a test musician . alan frew origin canada alan frew was born in coatbridge . alan frew origin newmarket , ontario alan frew background solo singer
aleksandra kovac background solo singer aleksandra kovac birthyear 1972 aleksandra kovac was born in socialist republic of serbia . aleksandra kovac is in the genre of pop music . pop music musicfusiongenre disco
aleksandra kovac is in the genre of rhythm and blues . aleksandra kovac associatedband / associatedmusicalartist k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) aleksandra kovac associatedband / associatedmusicalartist kornelije kovac aleksandra kovac background solo singer aleksandra kovac activeyearsstartyear 1990
alfred garth jones died in london . alfred garth jones was born in england . alfred garth jones is from the united kingdom states . alfred garth jones was born in manchester . alfred garth jones birthyear 1872
alfred garth jones died in sidcup . alfred garth jones died in london . alfred garth jones was born in manchester . the london , is led by the provincial european parliament . boris johnson is the leader of london .
alfred garth jones died in sidcup . alfred garth jones died in london . alfred garth jones was born in manchester . labour party ( uk ) is the leader of manchester . the london , is led by the provincial european parliament .
alison o ' donnell associatedband / associatedmusicalartist flibbertigibbet alison o ' donnell associatedband / associatedmusicalartist mellow candle alison o ' donnell is in the genre of folk music of ireland . alison o ' donnell recordlabel floating world records alison o ' donnell activeyearsstartyear 1963
alison o ' donnell is in the genre of jazz . jazz derivative funk alison o ' donnell recordlabel deram records deram records is located in london . alison o ' donnell recordlabel stanyan records
alison o ' donnell is in the genre of jazz . jazz derivative funk jazz musicfusiongenre afrobeat alison o ' donnell instrument autoharp jazz stylisticorigin folk music
alison o ' donnell is in the genre of jazz . jazz stylisticorigin blues jazz derivative funk jazz musicfusiongenre afrobeat alison o ' donnell instrument voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp
allen forrest birthyear 1981 allen forrest is in the genre of acoustic music . allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama . allen forrest background solo singer allen forrest was born in fort campbell .
anders osborne associatedband / associatedmusicalartist billy iuso anders osborne associatedband / associatedmusicalartist voice of the wetlands all - stars anders osborne is in the genre of rock music . anders osborne associatedband / associatedmusicalartist galactic anders osborne activeyearsstartyear 1989
anders osborne associatedband / associatedmusicalartist galactic anders osborne associatedband / associatedmusicalartist tab benoit anders osborne is in the genre of blues . anders osborne associatedband / associatedmusicalartist billy iuso anders osborne activeyearsstartyear 1989
andra ( singer ) birthyear 1986 andra ( singer ) is in the genre of dance - pop . andra ( singer ) was born in campia turzii . andra ( singer ) background solo singer andra ( singer ) was a test singer , reality television judge .
andra ( singer ) is in the genre of rhythm and blues . andra ( singer ) background solo singer andra ( singer ) birthyear 1986 andra ( singer ) was a test singing . andra ( singer ) was born in romania .
andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist armin van buuren andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist bobina andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist armin van buuren , bobina , mark sixma , jonathan mendelsohn , christian burns , jwaydan , alexander popov , jano , alexandre bergheau , jonny rose , sylvia tosun , lira yin , alexandra badoi andrew rayel is in the genre of trance music . trance music stylisticorigin pop music
andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist christian burns andrew rayel is in the genre of trance music . andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist armin van buuren andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova . andrew rayel activeyearsstartyear 2009
andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist jwaydan moyine andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist bobina andrew rayel is in the genre of trance music . andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova . andrew rayel activeyearsstartyear 2009
andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist jwaydan moyine jwaydan moyine associatedband / associatedmusicalartist john digweed andrew rayel instrument string instrument andrew rayel associatedband / associatedmusicalartist christian burns andrew rayel is in the genre of trance music .
andrew white ( musician ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist kaiser chiefs andrew white ( musician ) associatedband / associatedmusicalartist marry banilow andrew white ( musician ) recordlabel b - unique records andrew white ( musician ) recordlabel polydor records andrew white ( musician ) activeyearsstartyear 2003
hip hop music stylisticorigin disco allen forrest was born in fort campbell . allen forrest is in the genre of hip hop music . hip hop music stylisticorigin funk hip hop music derivative drum and bass
hip hop music stylisticorigin disco allen forrest is in the genre of hip hop music . allen forrest birthyear 1981 hip hop music stylisticorigin funk hip hop music derivative drum and bass
the london , is led by the provincial parliament of the united kingdom . alfred garth jones died in sidcup . alfred garth jones died in london . alfred garth jones was born in manchester . labour party ( uk ) is the leader of manchester .
mestizo are an ethnic group in the united paraguay . agustin barboza was born in asuncion . juan afara is the leader of paraguay . agustin barboza died in paraguay . spanish language is spoken in paraguay .
polydor records is located in london . alternative rock musicfusiongenre nu metal andrew white ( musician ) is in the genre of alternative rock . andrew white ( musician ) recordlabel b - unique records andrew white ( musician ) recordlabel polydor records
polydor records is located in london . alternative rock musicfusiongenre nu metal andrew white ( musician ) recordlabel polydor records andrew white ( musician ) recordlabel universal records ( defunct record label ) andrew white ( musician ) is in the genre of alternative rock .
rock music musicfusiongenre bhangra ( music ) al anderson ( nrbq band ) instrument guitar al anderson ( nrbq band ) is in the genre of rock music . rock music stylisticorigin country music country music stylisticorigin blues
rock music stylisticorigin blues rock music musicfusiongenre bhangra ( music ) country music instrument banjo al anderson ( nrbq band ) is in the genre of rock music . rock music stylisticorigin country music
twilight ( band ) is in the genre of black metal . aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist twilight ( band ) aaron turner associatedband / associatedmusicalartist old man gloom aaron turner instrument electric guitar black metal musicfusiongenre death metal
raul fernando sendic rodriguez is the leader of uruguay . alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo . montevideo is located in uruguay . daniel martinez ( politician ) is the leader of montevideo . spanish language is spoken in uruguay .
