11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 . (id1)
adams county , pennsylvania has to its southeast carroll county , maryland (id2)
the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade . (id3)
the azerbaijan , is led by the provincial prime minister of azerbaijan . (id4)
turk sehitleri aniti is the native name of baku turkish martyrs ' memorial . (id5)
11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 . 11th mississippi infantry monument falls under the category of contributing property . (id6)
14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the district of monocacy national battlefield . the city nearest monocacy national battlefield is frederick , maryland , maryland . (id7)
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan . (id8)
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . turk sehitleri aniti is the native name of baku turkish martyrs ' memorial . (id9)
11th mississippi infantry monument is located in united states . adams county , pennsylvania has to its southeast carroll county , maryland 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania . (id10)
adams county , pennsylvania has to its southeast carroll county , maryland 11th mississippi infantry monument is in the municipality of gettysburg , gettysburg , pennsylvania . 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania . (id11)
baku is the capital of azerbaijan . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan . turk sehitleri aniti is the native name of baku turkish martyrs ' memorial . (id12)
the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan . national assembly ( azerbaijan ) dictates the legislature of azerbaijan . (id13)
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey . ankara is the capital of turkey . ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey . (id14)
11th mississippi infantry monument is located in united states . 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the state of pennsylvania . 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 . 11th mississippi infantry monument falls under the category of contributing property . (id15)
baku is the capital of azerbaijan . the azerbaijan , is led by the provincial prime minister of azerbaijan . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan . artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan . (id16)
baku is the capital of azerbaijan . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan . turk sehitleri aniti is the native name of baku turkish martyrs ' memorial . (id17)
monocacy national battlefield is located in frederick county , maryland . 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument was established in 1907 - 07 - 11 . 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the district of monocacy national battlefield . the city nearest monocacy national battlefield is frederick , maryland , maryland . (id18)
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey . ankara is the capital of turkey . ataturk monument ( izmir ) is made bronze . ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey . (id19)
the turkey , is led by the provincial president of turkey . ataturk monument ( izmir ) was designed by pietro canonica . alan b . ataturk monument ( izmir ) hall was in augurated on 1932 - 07 - 27 . ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey . (id20)
11th mississippi infantry monument is located in united states . 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in seminary ridge . 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 . 11th mississippi infantry monument falls under the category of contributing property . 11th mississippi infantry monument is in the municipality of gettysburg , gettysburg , pennsylvania . (id21)
adams county , pennsylvania has to its southeast carroll county , maryland adams county , adams county , pennsylvania has cumberland county , cumberland county , pennsylvania to its north . frederick county , maryland , maryland is to the southwest of adams county , adams county , pennsylvania . 11th mississippi infantry monument falls under the category of contributing property . 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania . (id22)
baku is the capital of azerbaijan . the azerbaijan , is led by the provincial prime minister of azerbaijan . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan . artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan . (id23)
baku is the capital of azerbaijan . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan . artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan . national assembly ( azerbaijan ) dictates the legislature of azerbaijan . (id24)
the turkey , is led by the provincial president of turkey . the leader of turkey is ahmet davutoglu . ankara is the capital of turkey . istanbul is the largest city in turkey . ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey . (id25)
11th mississippi infantry monument is located in united states . 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in seminary ridge . 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania . 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the state of pennsylvania . 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 . 11th mississippi infantry monument falls under the category of contributing property . (id26)
adams county adams county , pennsylvania is east of franklin county , franklin county , pennsylvania . adams county , pennsylvania has to its southeast carroll county , maryland adams county , adams county , pennsylvania has cumberland county , cumberland county , pennsylvania to its north . frederick county , maryland , maryland is to the southwest of adams county , adams county , pennsylvania . 11th mississippi infantry monument falls under the category of contributing property . 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania . (id27)
the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade . baku is the capital of azerbaijan . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is made red granite and white marble . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner . (id28)
baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is made red granite and white marble . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan . turk sehitleri aniti is the native name of baku turkish martyrs ' memorial . artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan . baku turkish martyrs ' memorial was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner . (id29)
monocacy national battlefield is located in frederick county , maryland . 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument was established in 1907 - 07 - 11 . 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in united states . 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument falls under the category of historic districts in the united states . 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the district of monocacy national battlefield . 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the state of maryland . (id30)
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey . ankara is the capital of turkey . istanbul is the largest city in turkey . ataturk monument ( izmir ) is made bronze . the turkish lira is the currency in turkey . alan b . ataturk monument ( izmir ) hall was in augurated on 1932 - 07 - 27 . ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey . (id31)
the turkey , is led by the provincial president of turkey . the leader of turkey is ahmet davutoglu . ataturk monument ( izmir ) was designed by pietro canonica . ankara is the capital of turkey . ataturk monument ( izmir ) is made bronze . alan b . ataturk monument ( izmir ) hall was in augurated on 1932 - 07 - 27 . ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey . (id32)
the turkey , is led by the provincial president of turkey . ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey . ankara is the capital of turkey . istanbul is the largest city in turkey . the turkish lira is the currency in turkey . alan b . ataturk monument ( izmir ) hall was in augurated on 1932 - 07 - 27 . ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey . (id33)
